Cereal grains Wheat, soft Soft wheat grain (Triticum aestivum L.). This is the default wheat, since durum wheat is not normally used as animal feed.
Cereal grains Wheat, germinated Wheat grain (Triticum aestivum L.), germinated.
Cereal grains Wheat, durum, germinated Germinated durum wheat grain (Triticum durum L.). Durum wheat is used to make semolina and pasta.
Cereal grains Wheat, specific weight < 69 kg/hl Wheat grain (Triticum aestivum L.), with a specific weight < 69 kg/hl. These wheats may have suffered from bad weather conditions.
Cereal grains Wheat, flaked Wheat grain (Triticum aestivum L.), flaked.
Cereal grains Wheat, protein > 17% Wheat grain (Triticum aestivum L.), having a very high protein content > 17% as fed.
Cereal grains Wheat, durum Durum wheat grain (Triticum durum L.). Durum wheat is used to make semolina and pasta.
Cereal grains Wheat, extruded Wheat grain (Triticum aestivum L.), extruded.
Cereal grains Wheat, rolled Wheat grain (Triticum aestivum L.), rolled.
Cereal grains Wheat, infra-red heated Wheat grain (Triticum aestivum L.), micronized by infra-red heating during 40-90 s.
Cereal grains Wheat, toasted Wheat grain (Triticum aestivum L.), toasted.
Cereal grains Wheat, pellets Wheat grain (Triticum aestivum L.), pelleted.
Cereal grains Wheat, ground Wheat grain (Triticum aestivum L.), ground.
Cereal grains Wheat screenings Wheat grains (Triticum spp.) rejected after a screening process, consisting of small or damaged grains, or foreign material.
Cereal grains Wheat, moist, dry matter < 80 % Wheat grain (Triticum aestivum L.), containing less than 80% dry matter.
Cereal grains Wheat, tanned Wheat grain (Triticum aestivum L.), tanned by an unspecified method in order to protect the proteins in the rumen.
Cereal grains Wheat, expanded Wheat grain (Triticum aestivum L.), expanded.
Cereal grains Wheat, organic Wheat grain (Triticum aestivum L.), produced by organic farming.
Cereal grains Wheat, inerted Wheat grain (Triticum aestivum L.), inerted by storage in anaerobic, airtight silo.
Cereal grains Wheat, soft winter, top breadmaking performance Soft winter wheat grain (Triticum aestivum L.) from cultivars normally used for top-quality bread flour.
Cereal grains Wheat, soft winter, good breadmaking performance Soft winter wheat grain (Triticum aestivum L.) from cultivars normally used for good-quality bread flour.
Cereal grains Wheat, soft winter, average breadmaking performance Soft winter wheat grain (Triticum aestivum L.) from cultivars normally used for average-quality bread flour.
Cereal grains Wheat, soft winter, other uses than breadmaking Soft winter wheat grain (Triticum aestivum L.) from cultivars normally used for feed but nor to make bread flour.
Cereal grains Wheat, durum, screenings Durum wheat grains (Triticum durum L.) rejected after a screening process, consisting of small or damaged grains, or foreign material.
Cereal grains Soft wheat, starch < 53% Soft wheat grain (Triticum aestivum L.) of low quality, having a starch content lower than 53% as fed.
Cereal grains Mixture of wheat and barley Mixture of wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) and barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) in unknown proportions.
Cereal grains Wheat, durum, organic Durum wheat grain (Triticum durum L.), produced by organic farming.
Cereal grains Wheat, rust-affected Wheat grain (Triticum aestivum L.), affected by rust.
Cereal grains Wheat grain, broken Wheat grain (Triticum spp.), broken.
Cereal grains Wheat, laminated Wheat grain (Triticum spp. ), laminated.
Cereal grains Wheat, thermized Wheat grain (Triticum aestivum L.), thermized.
Cereal grains Wheat, soft, cooked, organic Wheat grain (Triticum aestivum L.), cooked, obtained by organic farming.
Cereal grains Wheat grain, frost-damaged Wheat grain, frost-damaged (Triticum aestivum L.)
Cereal grains Wheat, subsaharan Africa Wheat grain (Triticum aestivum L.) from subsaharan Africa
Cereal grains Wheat, soft, autoclaved Soft wheat grain (Triticum aestivum L.) treated by autoclave.
Cereal grains Wheat, germinated, organic Wheat grain (Triticum aestivum L.), germinated, obtained by organic farming
Cereal grains Wheat, waxy Wheat grain (Triticum aestivum L.) from waxy cultivars.
Cereal grains Wheat, micronized (grinding) Wheat grain (Triticum aestivum L.), micronized (ultra-fine grinding).
Cereal grains Wheat, popped Wheat grain (Triticum aestivum L.), pressure cooked (25 bars at 300°C in the Presco system) and popped.
Cereal grains Wheat, treated with Aliplus Wheat grain (Triticum aestivum L.) treated with Aliplus, a commercial additive containing urea, plant extracts, trace elements and clay.
Cereal grains Barley Barley grain (Hordeum vulgare L.). The cultivar (2-rows or 6-rows) is unspecified.
Cereal grains Barley, 2-row, spring Barley grain (Hordeum vulgare L.) of a spring, 2-row variety.
Cereal grains Barley, 2-row, winter Barley grain (Hordeum vulgare L.) of a winter, 2-row variety.
Cereal grains Barley, 6-row, winter Barley grain (Hordeum vulgare L.) of a winter, 6-row variety. French 6-row barleys are usually winter varieties.
Cereal grains Barley, 2-row, naked Barley grain (Hordeum vulgare L.) of a 2-row, naked (hulless) variety.
Cereal grains Barley, 2-row Barley grain (Hordeum vulgare L.) of a 2-row variety.
Cereal grains Barley, naked Barley grain (Hordeum vulgare L.) of a naked (hulless) variety.
Cereal grains Barley, flaked Barley grain (Hordeum vulgare L.), flaked. Rolled and flaked barley are almost synonymous.
Cereal grains Barley, dehulled Barley grain (Hordeum vulgare L.), decorticated.
Cereal grains Barley, 6-row, spring Barley grain (Hordeum vulgare L.) of a spring, 6-row variety. French 6-row barleys are usually winter varieties.
Cereal grains Barley, protein > 15% Barley grain (Hordeum vulgare L.), rich in protein (> 15%).
Cereal grains Barley, rolled Barley grain (Hordeum vulgare L.), rolled. Rolled and flaked barley are almost synonymous.
Cereal grains Barley, germinated, dry matter > 70% Barley grain (Hordeum vulgare L.), germinated (usually by accident).
Cereal grains Barley, 6-row, naked Barley grain (Hordeum  vulgare L.) of a 6-row, naked (hulless) variety.
Cereal grains Barley, screenings Barley grains (Hordeum vulgare L.) rejected after a screening process, consisting of small or damaged grains.
Cereal grains Barley, heated Barley grain (Hordeum vulgare L.), heated by an unspecified process.
Cereal grains Barley, rumen-protected Barley grain (Hordeum vulgare L.), tanned by an unspecified method in order to protect the proteins in the rumen.
Cereal grains Barley, organic Barley grain (Hordeum vulgare L.), produced by organic farming.
Cereal grains Barley, extruded Barley grain (Hordeum vulgare L.), extruded.
Cereal grains Barley, ground Barley grain (Hordeum vulgare L.), ground.
Cereal grains Barley, laminated Barley grain (Hordeum vulgare L.), laminated.
Cereal grains Barley, dehulled, flaked Barley grain (Hordeum vulgare L.), dehulled and flaked.
Cereal grains Barley, toasted Barley grain (Hordeum vulgare L.), toasted.
Cereal grains Barley, popped Barley grain (Hordeum vulgare L.), pressure cooked (25 bars at 300°C in the Presco system) and popped.
Cereal grains Barley, starch < 45% Barley grain (Hordeum vulgare L.) containing less than 45% of starch (as fed).
Cereal grains Barley, expanded Barley grain (Hordeum vulgare L.), expanded.
Cereal grains Barley, germinated, organic Barley grain (Hordeum vulgare L.), germinated, obtained by organic farming
Cereal grains Barley, waxy Barley grain (Hordeum vulgare L.) from waxy cultivars.
Cereal grains Barley, naked, waxy type Barley grain (Hordeum vulgare L.) of a naked (hulless) and waxy (high amylopectin starch) variety.
Cereal grains Barley, germinated, dry matter < 70% Barley grain (Hordeum vulgare L.), germinated (usually by accident).
Cereal grains Barley, treated with Aliplus Barley grain (Hordeum vulgare L.) treated with Aliplus, a commercial additive containing urea, plant extracts, trace elements and clay.
Cereal grains Maize Maize grain (Zea mays L.).
Cereal grains Maize, yellow Yellow maize grain (Zea mays L.).
Cereal grains Maize, white Maize grain (Zea mays L.) with a white tegument.
Cereal grains Maize, flint Maize grain (Zea mays L.) of "flint" varieties. This Argentinian maize is used to make semolina or corn flakes. Other names : plate, plata, hard red.
Cereal grains Maize, organic Maize grain (Zea mays L.), produced by organic farming.
Cereal grains Maize, ground Maize grain (Zea mays L.), ground.
Cereal grains Rye Rye grain (Secale cereale L.).
Cereal grains Rye, protein > 13% Rye, protein > 13%
Cereal grains Rye, organic Rye grain (Secale cereale L.) produced by organic farming.
Cereal grains Rye, expanded Rye grain (Secale secale L.), expanded.
Cereal grains Oats, white, winter Oat grain (Avena sativa L.) from white-hulled winter cultivars.
Cereal grains Oats, white, spring Oat grain (Avena sativa L.) from white-hulled spring cultivars.
Cereal grains Oats, black, winter Oat grain (Avena sativa L.) from dark-hulled winter cultivars.
Cereal grains Oats, black, spring Oat grain (Avena sativa L.) from dark-hulled spring cultivars.
Cereal grains Oats Oat grain (Avena sativa L.).
Cereal grains Oats, flaked Flaked oat grain (Avena sativa L.).
Cereal grains Oats, naked Oat grain (Avena nuda L.) from a hulless species. Naked oats contain more protein (14-15%DM vs 11-12%DM), less fibre and more fat.
Cereal grains Lopsided oats, protein > 14% Oat grain of protein-rich (> 14 % as fed) cultivars, including the Hinoat oats (Avena strigosa Schreb. x sativa L.) initially developed in Canada (1973) as a food grain.
Cereal grains Oats, wild (Avena fatua), dehulled Decorticated wild oat grain (Avena fatua L.).
Cereal grains Oats, dehulled Decorticated oat grain (Avena sativa L.).
Cereal grains Oats, black Oat grain (Avena sativa L.) from dark-hulled cultivars.
Cereal grains Oats, white Oat grain (Avena sativa L.) from white-hulled cultivars.
Cereal grains Oats, flaked, steamed Flaked oat grain (Avena sativa L.) treated with steam in order to stabilise its composition.
Cereal grains Oats, toasted Toasted oat grain (Avena sativa L.).
Cereal grains Oats, dehulled, flaked Decorticated, flaked oat grain (Avena sativa L.).
Cereal grains Oats, organic Oat grain (Avena sativa L.), produced by organic farming.
Cereal grains Oats, germinated, fresh Oat grain, germinated and fresh (Avena sativa L.).
Cereal grains Oats, naked, organic Oat grain (Avena nuda L.) from a hulless species, produced by organic farming.
Cereal grains Oats, dehulled, organic Decorticated oat grain (Avena sativa L.) produced by organic farming.
Cereal grains Oats, steel-cut Decorticated oat grain (Avena sativa L.) chopped into small pieces.
Cereal grains Oats, dehulled, toasted Toasted and dehulled oat grain (Avena sativa L.).
Cereal grains Oats, extruded Oat grain (Avena sativa L.), extruded.
Cereal grains Sorghum Grain of sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench).
Cereal grains Sorghum, high-tannin Grain of sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench) from a variety with a high tannin content (>0.2%DM usually but the threshold is variable).
Cereal grains Sorghum, protein > 14% Grain of sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench) having a protein content higher than 14% as fed.
Cereal grains Sorghum, waxy, high-tannin Grain of sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench) from a waxy variety with a high tannin content (>0.2%DM usually but the threshold is variable).
Cereal grains Sorghum, waxy, low-tannin Grain of sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench) from a waxy variety with a low tannin content (<0.2%DM usually but the threshold is variable).
Cereal grains Sorghum, low-tannin Grain of sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench) from a variety with a low tannin content.
Cereal grains Sorghum, white Grain of sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench) from a variety having clear teguments.
Cereal grains Sorghum, flaked Flaked grain of sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench).
Cereal grains Sorghum, red Grain of sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench) from a variety having colored, reddish teguments. These varieties should have a higher tannin content than the white or yellow ones.
Cereal grains Sorghum, starch < 60% Grain of sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench) grown in bad climatic conditions, leading to a low starch content (< 60 % as fed) and a bad overall quality.
Cereal grains Sorghum, yellow Grain of sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench) from a variety having light-colored, yellowish teguments.
Cereal grains Wild sorghum (Sorghum bicolor subsp. verticilliflorum), grain Wild sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench subsp. verticilliflorum (Steud.) de Wet ex Wiersema & J. Dahlb.), grain
Cereal grains Sorghum, organic Grain of sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench) produced by organic farming.
Cereal grains Sorghum, extruded Grain of sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench), extruded
Cereal grains Sorghum, expanded Grain of sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench), expanded
Cereal grains Sorghum, dehulled Grain of sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench), dehulled
Cereal grains Triticale Triticale grain (× Triticosecale Wittm. ex A. Camus.).
Cereal grains Triticale, flaked Flaked triticale grain (× Triticosecale Wittm. ex A. Camus.).
Cereal grains Triticale, rumen-protected Triticale grain (× Triticosecale Wittm. ex A. Camus.), tanned by an unspecified method in order to protect the proteins in the rumen.
Cereal grains Triticale, organic Triticale grain (× Triticosecale Wittm. ex A. Camus.), grown by organic farming.
Cereal grains Triticale, germinated Triticale grain (× Triticosecale Wittm. ex A. Camus.), germinated.
Cereal grains Triticale, rolled Triticale grain (× Triticosecale Wittm. ex A. Camus.), rolled.
Cereal grains Triticale, laminated Triticale grain (× Triticosecale Wittm. ex A. Camus.), laminated.
Cereal grains Rice, polished, broken Broken rice (Oryza sativa L.) grains, often a byproduct of rice polishing. Broken rice has a composition similar to the whole grain.
Cereal grains Rice, paddy Whole rice grain (Oryza sativa L.) containing the the hulls. Paddy rice will be further decorticated into brown rice (elimination of the hulls), pearled (elimination of the germ and pericarp) and polished. Other name : paddi.
Cereal grains Rice, brown Decorticated rice grain (Oryza sativa L.) without hulls but with the pericarps. Brown rice will be further pearled (elimination of the germ and pericarp) and polished to obtain the food-grade rice.
Cereal grains Rice, polished Polished rice grain (Oryza sativa L.). This is the final, food-grade rice, without hulls, pericarp, and outer grain layers.
Cereal grains Rice, extruded Extruded, polished rice grain (Oryza sativa L.).
Cereal grains Rice, expanded Expanded rice grain (Oryza sativa L.) probably polished rice.
Cereal grains Rice semolina Broken and ground polished rice (Oryza sativa L.) grains. This product is normally used in food products and for making breakfast cereals.
Cereal grains Rice, pre-cooked Polished and cooked rice grain (Oryza sativa L.) used as human food.
Cereal grains Rice, cooked Cooked, polished rice grain (Oryza sativa L.).
Cereal grains Rice, flaked Flaked rice grain (Oryza sativa L.).
Cereal grains Rice grain, paddy, crushed Rice grain, paddy, crushed (Oryza sativa L.)
Cereal grains Rice grain, paddy, sprouted Rice grain, paddy, sprouted (Oryza sativa L.)
Cereal grains Rice grain, paddy, steam-flaked Rice grain, paddy, steam-flaked (Oryza sativa L.)
Cereal grains Rice grain, paddy, silage Rice grain, paddy, ensiled (Oryza sativa L.)
Cereal grains Rice, brown, extruded Decorticated rice grain (Oryza sativa L.) without hulls but with the pericarp, extruded
Cereal grains Rice, brown, expanded Decorticated rice grain (Oryza sativa L.) without hulls but with the pericarp, expanded
Cereal grains Rice, polished, flaked Flaked and polished rice grain (Oryza sativa L.).
Cereal grains Rice, brown, broken Broken rice (Oryza sativa L.) grains, without hulls but with the pericarp.
Cereal grains Rice, polished, broken, extruded Broken rice (Oryza sativa L.) grains, often a byproduct of rice polishing. Broken rice has a composition similar to the whole grain. This product is later extruded.
Cereal grains Common millet (Panicum miliaceum), grain Grain of common millet (Panicum miliaceum L.). Other name : proso millet.
Cereal grains Buckwheat (Fagopyrum esculentum) Buckwheat grain (Fagopyrum esculentum L.).
Cereal grains Pearl millet (Pennisetum glaucum), grain Grain of pearl millet (Pennisetum glaucum (L.) R. Br.).  Other name : bulrush millet. Other scientific names : Pennisetum americanum (L.) Leeke, P. typhoides. Pearl millet is the most widely grown of all millets and it is a traditional crop in Western Africa, particularly in the Sahel.
Cereal grains Finger millet (Eleusine coracana), grain Grain of finger millet (Eleusine coracana (L.) Gaertn.). Other name : eleusine.
Cereal grains Cereal, broken Broken grains of unspecified cereals.
Cereal grains Foxtail millet (Setaria italica), grain Grain of foxtail millet (Setaria italica (L.) Beauv.).
Cereal grains Spelt (Triticum spelta) Spelt grain (Triticum spelta L.).
Cereal grains Millet, white, grain Grain of an unknown millet species, probably with light-colored teguments.
Cereal grains Millet, red, grain Grain of an unknown millet species, probably with colored teguments.
Cereal grains Foxtail millet (Setaria italica), grain, dehulled, low-gluten Dehulled grain of foxtail millet (Setaria italica (L.) Beauv.) from a low-gluten variety.
Cereal grains Foxtail millet (Setaria italica), grain, dehulled, high-gluten Dehulled grain of foxtail millet (Setaria italica (L.) Beauv.) from a high-gluten variety.
Cereal grains Wheat and barley, flaked Mixture of wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) and barley (Hordeum vulgare L.), flaked.
Cereal grains Guinea grass (Megathyrsus maximus), grain Grain of Guinea grass (Megathyrsus maximus (Jacq.) B. K. Simon & S. W. L. Jacobs).
Cereal grains Quinoa (Chenopodium quinoa), seed Quinoa seed (Chenopodium quinoa Willd.). The quinoa is an Andean cereal cultivated for its seed. Other name : quinua.
Cereal grains Canihua (Chenopodium pallidicaule), seed Canihua seed (Chenopodium pallidicaule Heller). Canihua is a Andean cereal closely related to quinoa.
Cereal grains Cereals, expanded Ceral grains (unknown species), expanded.
Cereal grains Canary seed (Phalaris canariensis), grain Canary seed grain (Phalaris canariensis L.), used as a feed for pet birds.
Cereal grains Maize and barley grains, flaked, 50/50 Flaked mixture of maize (Zea mays L.) and barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) grain in a proportion of 50/50.
Cereal grains Quinoa (Chenopodium quinoa), seed, dehulled Decorticated quinoa seed (Chenopodium quinoa Willd.). The quinoa is an Andean cereal cultivated for its seed. Other name : quinua.
Cereal grains Cereal grains, flaked, extruded, 90/10 Extruded mixture of unspecified cereals, in a proportion of 90/10.
Cereal grains Buckwheat (Fagopyrum esculentum), organic Buckwheat seed (Fagopyrum esculentum L.) produced by organic farming.
Cereal grains Spelt (Triticum spelta), organic Spelt grain (Triticum spelta L.), produced by organic farming.
Cereal grains Teff (Eragrostis tef), grain Seed of teff (Eragrostis tef (Zucc.) Trotter)
Cereal grains Panic (Steinchisma laxum), seed Steinchisma (Steinchisma laxum (Sw.) Zuloaga), seed
Cereal grains Panic (Panicum turgidum), seed Panic (Panicum turgidum Forssk.), seed
Cereal grains Millet, grain Grain of millet of unknown species.
Cereal grains Ryegrass seed Ryegrass seed (Lolium spp.).
Cereal grains Pearl millet (Pennisetum glaucum), grain, dehulled Grain of pearl millet (Pennisetum glaucum (L.) R. Br.), dehulled.  Other name : bulrush millet. Other scientific names : Pennisetum americanum (L.) Leeke, P. typhoides.
Cereal grains Scrobic (Paspalum scrobiculatum), grain Seed of scrobic (Paspalum scrobiculatum L.)
Cereal grains Scrobic (Paspalum scrobiculatum), grain, dehulled Seed of scrobic (Paspalum scrobiculatum L.)
Cereal grains Indian barnyard millet (Echinochloa frumentacea), grain Seed of indian barnyard millet (Echinochloa frumentacea Link)
Cereal grains Blue panic (Panicum antidotale), grain Seed of blue panic (Panicum antidotale Retz.)
Cereal grains Egyptian crowfoot grass (Dactyloctenium aegyptium), grain Seed of Egyptian crowfoot grass (Dactyloctenium aegyptium (L.) Willd.)
Cereal grains Indian sandbur (Cenchrus biflorus), grain Seed of indian sandbur (Cenchrus biflorus Roxb.)
Cereal grains Jungle rice (Echinochloa colona), grain Seed of jungle rice (Echinochloa colona (L.) Link)
Cereal grains Pennisetum (Pennisetum violaceum), grain Seed of pennisetum (Pennisetum violaceum (Lam.) Rich..)
Cereal grains Red rice (Oryza punctata), grain Seed of red rice (Oryza punctata Kotschy ex Steud.)
Cereal grains Cockspur grass (Echinochloa crus-galli), grain Seed of cockspur grass (Echinochloa crus-galli (L.) P.Beauv.)
Cereal grains Finger millet (Eleusine coracana), grain, dehulled Dehulled grain of finger millet (Eleusine coracana (L.) Gaertn.). Other name : eleusine.
Cereal grains Buckwheat (Fagopyrum esculentum), dehulled Dehulled buckwheat grain (Fagopyrum esculentum L.).
Cereal grains Tartary buckwheat (Fagopyrum tataricum) Seed of tartary buckwheat (Fagopyrum tataricum (L.) Gaertn)
Cereal grains Tartary buckwheat (Fagopyrum tataricum), dehulled Seed of tartary buckwheat (Fagopyrum tataricum (L.) Gaertn), dehulled
Cereal grains Green foxtail (Setaria viridis), grain Seed of green foxtail (Setaria viridis (L.) P. Beauv.)
Cereal grains Yellow foxtail (Setaria pumila), grain Seed of yellow foxtail (Setaria pumila (Poir.) Roem. & Schult.)
Cereal grains Oats, wild (Avena fatua), grain Seed of oats, wild (Avena fatua L.)
Cereal grains Cockspur grass (Echinochloa crus-galli), dehulled Seed of cockspur grass (Echinochloa crus-galli (L.) P.Beauv.), dehulled
Cereal grains Meslin grain, mix of cereal and legume grains A mixture of cereal grains and leguminous seeds._x000D_
The term "méteil" has different meanings in French. Originally, it refers to a mixture of wheat and rye grown together, called meslin in English. Since the end of the 20th century, it has been used to refer to mixtures of cereals (wheat, rye, oats, triticale) and legumes (peas, vetch, faba beans) harvested either as green fodder or as grain.
Cereal grains Mixture of cereal grains Ceremel Mixture of cereal grains Ceremel
Cereal grains Spelt (Triticum spelta), dehulled Spelt grain (Triticum spelta L.), dehulled
Cereal grains Meslin, aerial part, fresh Mixture of cereal forage and legume seed forage
Cereal grains Meslin grain, mix of cereal and legume grains, organic A mixture of cereal grains and leguminous seeds, grown in organic farming
Cereal byproducts Wheat feed flour, crude fibre < 3% Byproduct of flour manufacture from wheat (Triticum aestivum L.), obtained during the last stages of the milling process. The feed flour is a low quality flour that is darker, coarser and contains more mineral matter than food grade flour. It consists principally of particles of endosperm, with fine fragments of the grain and the outer skins. It has the highest starch content (>60% as fed) of all flour byproducts, and the lower crude fibre content (1-3% as fed). Commercial wheat feed flour are actually mixture of true wheat feed flour and other milling byproducts, such as middlings or shorts.
Cereal byproducts Wheat middlings, crude fibre 2.5-10% Byproduct of flour manufacture, obtained from screened grains of wheat (Triticum aestivum L.). It consists principally of fragments of the outer skins and of particles of grain from which less of the endosperm has been removed than in wheat bran. Middlings are often mixtures of other offals of wheat millings. Other name : wheat feed (in EEC directives).
Cereal byproducts Wheat bran, crude fibre 6-13% Byproduct of flour manufacture, obtained from screened grains of wheat (Triticum aestivum L.). It consists principally of fine fragments of the outer skins, and of particles of grain from which the greater part of the endosperm has been removed. In the commercial bran, "true" fine bran is usually mixed with other milling byproducts, like coarse bran, shorts and middlings.
Cereal byproducts Wheat bran, crude fibre > 13% Byproduct of flour manufacture, obtained from screened grains of wheat (Triticum aestivum L.). It consists principally of coarse fragments of the outer skins, and of particles of grain from which the greater part of the endosperm has been removed. Coarse bran is the first byproduct obtained in the milling process.
Cereal byproducts Wheat shorts, durum Byproduct of durum wheat processing, obtained from screened grains of wheat (Triticum durum L.). It consists principally of fragments of the outer skins and of particles of grain from which less of the endosperm has been removed than in wheat bran. Other name : wheat feed (in EEC directives).
Cereal byproducts Wheat (durum) feed flour Byproduct of flour manufacture from durum wheat (Triticum durum L.), obtained during the last stages of the milling process. The feed flour is a low quality flour that is darker, coarser and contains more mineral matter than food grade flour. It consists principally of particles of endosperm, with fine fragments of the grain and the outer skins. It has the highest starch content (>60% as fed) of all flour byproducts, and the lower crude fibre content (1-3% as fed). Commercial wheat feed flour are actually mixture of true wheat feed flour and other milling byproducts, such as middlings or shorts.
Cereal byproducts Wheat bran, "repasse" Byproduct of flour manufacture, obtained from screened grains of wheat (Triticum aestivum L.). It consists principally of fragments of the outer skins, and of particles of grain from which the greater part of the endosperm has been removed. "Repasse" is obtained after the bran and is slightly finer.
Cereal byproducts Wheat bran, durum Byproduct of flour manufacture, obtained from screened grains of wheat (Triticum aestivum L.). It consists principally of fragments of the outer skins, and of particles of grain from which the greater part of the endosperm has been removed.
Cereal byproducts Wheat bran, organic Byproduct of flour manufacture, obtained from screened grains of wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) produced by organic farming. It consists principally of fine fragments of the outer skins, and of particles of grain from which the greater part of the endosperm has been removed.
Cereal byproducts Wheat bran, starch byproduct Byproduct of starch manufacture (wet-milling), obtained from grains of wheat (Triticum aestivum L.). It consists principally of fragments of the outer skins, and of particles of grain from which the greater part of the endosperm has been removed.
Cereal byproducts Durum wheat flour, gruau D Durum wheat flour (Triticum durum L.), by product of the semolina process. Gruau D is the technical name of this product in the French semolina process.
Cereal byproducts Wheat middlings, organic Byproduct of flour manufacture, obtained from screened grains of wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) produced by organic farming.
Cereal byproducts Wheat flour Food grade wheat flour (Triticum aestivum L.), the product of milling.
Cereal byproducts Wheat feed flour, organic Byproduct of flour manufacture from wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) grains produced by organic farming, obtained during the last stages of the milling process. The feed flour is a low quality flour that is darker, coarser and contains more mineral matter than food grade flour.
Cereal byproducts Triticale bran Byproduct of flour manufacture, obtained from screened grains of triticale (× Triticosecale Wittm. ex A. Camus.). It consists principally of fine fragments of the outer skins, and of particles of grain from which the greater part of the endosperm has been removed.
Cereal byproducts Wheat bran, oil > 5% Byproduct of flour manufacture, obtained from screened grains of wheat (Triticum aestivum L.). It consists principally of fine fragments of the outer skins, and of particles of grain from which the greater part of the endosperm has been removed.
Cereal byproducts Wheat bran, durum, bulgur processing Byproduct of bulgur manufacture, obtained from screened grains of wheat (Triticum aestivum L.). It consists principally of fragments of the outer skins, and of particles of grain from which the greater part of the endosperm has been removed.
Cereal byproducts Wheat flour, protein < 5% Food grade wheat flour (Triticum aestivum L.), the product of milling.
Cereal byproducts Vinasses from wheat distillery, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of wheat distillation (Triticum spp.) for the fabrication of ethanol, consisting of spent grains without the fibre fraction, containing more than 40% CP as fed.
Cereal byproducts Wheat solubles, distillery, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of wheat distillery (Triticum spp.), consisting of solubles fractions.
Cereal byproducts Wheat distillers grains with solubles, fresh, ethanol production, starch < 1% Fresh byproduct of wheat distillation (Triticum spp.) for the fabrication of ethanol, consisting of spent grains. This category contains less than 1% starch (as fed) due to a better starch extraction process.
Cereal byproducts Wheat distillers grains with solubles, dehydrated, unclassified Dehydrated byproduct of wheat distillation (Triticum spp.) for the fabrication of ethanol, consisting of spent grains. This category only stores samples that could not be properly identified and classified.
Cereal byproducts Wheat solubles, distillery, fresh Fresh byproduct of wheat distillery (Triticum aestivum L.), consisting of solubles fractions.
Cereal byproducts Wheat distillers grains with solubles, dehydrated, ethanol production, starch > 7% Dehydrated byproduct of wheat distillation (Triticum spp.) for the fabrication of ethanol, consisting of spent grains. This byproduct contains more than 7% starch (as fed), due to the addition of bran at the end of the process.
Cereal byproducts Wheat distillers grains with solubles, dehydrated, ethanol production, starch < 7% Dehydrated byproduct of wheat distillation (Triticum spp.) for the fabrication of ethanol, consisting of spent grains. This byproduct contains less than 7% starch (as fed) as the process uses whole grains.
Cereal byproducts Wheat distillers grains with solubles, dehydrated, ethanol production, Finland Dehydrated byproduct of wheat distillation (Triticum spp.) for the fabrication of ethanol, consisting of spent grains. This category corresponds to samples from Finland that have a relatively high ash value (7-14%).
Cereal byproducts Wheat distillers grains with solubles, dehydrated, whisky production Dehydrated byproduct of wheat distillation (Triticum spp.) for the fabrication of whisky, consisting of spent grains. Synonym: dark distillers grains.
Cereal byproducts Wheat distillers grains with solubles, dehydrated, ethanol production, starch < 7%, fat > 7% Dehydrated byproduct of wheat distillation (Triticum spp.) for the fabrication of ethanol, consisting of spent grains. This byproduct contains less than 7% starch (as fed) as the process uses whole grains, and more than 7% of fat. The samples were obtained through an earlier process of wheat distillation and their fat content is higher than with more recent byproducts.
Cereal byproducts Wheat distillers grains with solubles, dehydrated, ethanol production, protein > 50% Dehydrated byproduct of wheat distillation (Triticum spp.) for the fabrication of ethanol, consisting of spent grains.
Cereal byproducts Wheat and maize distillers grains with solubles, fresh Wheat and corn distillers grains with solubles, wet (Triticum aestivum L.)
Cereal byproducts Wheat distillers grains without solubles, fresh Wheat  (Triticum aestivum L.) distillers' grains, fresh
Cereal byproducts Wheat gluten feed, Milurex BE Dried byproduct of the manufacture of wheat starch and ethanol (Triticum aestivum L.) by wet-milling. Milurex BE is the commercial name of a product made by Roquette Frères (France) that combines wheat bran and solubles from the ethanol distillation process.
Cereal byproducts Wheat distillers grains, fresh Wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) distillers' grains, fresh
Cereal byproducts Wheat gluten feed, Amyplus Dried byproduct of the manufacture of wheat starch (Triticum aestivum L.) by wet-milling. It is composed of brans mixed with the evaporated wheat distillers syrup. Amyplus is the commercial name of a product made by Tereos Syral (France, Belgium).
Cereal byproducts Wheat gluten Protein fraction of the wheat grain (Triticum spp.) obtained after the extraction of starch.
Cereal byproducts Wheat germs Byproduct of wheat processing consisting of wheat germs (Triticum spp.) and endosperm fragments.
Cereal byproducts Wheat gluten feed, Milurex Dried byproduct of the manufacture of wheat starch (Triticum aestivum L.) by wet-milling. Milurex is the commercial name of a product made by Roquette Frères (France). It is made by adding a first byproduct, called Corami, made of fibre and solubles, to the bran obtained in the first steps of the milling process.
Cereal byproducts Wheat offal, starch extraction, Corami, fresh Fresh byproduct of the starch extraction from wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) by the wet-milling process, consisting in grain fibre and solubles, but without the fibrous fraction (bran) obtain at the beginning of the process. Corami is a brand name of a product by Roquette Frères. After the bran is added, the product is sold as Milurex.
Cereal byproducts Wheat gluten feed Dried byproduct of the manufacture of wheat starch (Triticum aestivum L.). It is composed of bran and gluten to which components of the steeping liquor, and possibly the germ, from which the oil may have been removed, may be added.
Cereal byproducts Wheat gluten feed, Amyfeed Dried byproduct of the manufacture of wheat flour (Triticum aestivum L.) composed of brans mixed with the liquid syrup from the wheat starch purification process (c-starch) used as a binding agent. Amyplus is the commercial name of a product made by Tereos Syral (France, Belgium).
Cereal byproducts Wheat gluten feed, humid Fresh byproduct of the manufacture of wheat starch (Triticum aestivum L.). It is composed of bran and gluten to which components of the steeping liquor, and possibly the germ, from which the oil may have been removed, may be added.
Cereal byproducts Wheat fibre, fresh Fresh byproduct of the starch extraction from wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) by the wet-milling process, consisting in wheat bran with soluble protein extract and starch.
Cereal byproducts Corn gluten feed Dried byproduct of the manufacture of maize starch. It is composed of bran and gluten to which components of the steeping liquor, and possibly the germ, from which the oil may have been removed, may be added.
Cereal byproducts Corn gluten meal Dried byproduct of the manufacture of maize starch. It consists principally of gluten obtained during the separation of the starch.
Cereal byproducts Corn gluten feed or meal, protein 25-50% Dried byproduct of the manufacture of maize starch. It is composed of bran and gluten to which components of the steeping liquor, and possibly the germ, from which the oil may have been removed, may be added. This product is intermediate between corn gluten feed and corn gluten meal.
Cereal byproducts Maize starch byproduct, dehydrated, Corex® 100 Dehydrated byproduct of maize starch extraction (Zea mays L), consisting of spent grains. Corex® 100 is a commercial product made by Roquette Frères.
Cereal byproducts Corn gluten feed, high starch Dried byproduct of the manufacture of maize starch. It is composed of bran and gluten to which components of the steeping liquor, and possibly the germ, from which the oil may have been removed, may be added. "High starch" corn gluten feeds are supposed to contain more starch than the average product and are from the USA.
Cereal byproducts Corn gluten meal 60, rumen-protected Dried and tanned (process unspecified) byproduct of the manufacture of maize starch. It consists principally of gluten obtained during the separation of the starch. Gluten 60 is guaranteed to contain at least 60% CP. This is the main type of corn gluten meal.
Cereal byproducts Corn gluten feed, fresh Fresh byproduct of the manufacture of maize starch. It is composed of bran and gluten to which components of the steeping liquor, and possibly the germ, from which the oil may have been removed, may be added.
Cereal byproducts Corn gluten feed, Corex® 200 Dried and heated byproduct of the manufacture of maize starch. It is composed of bran and gluten to which components of the steeping liquor, and possibly the germ, from which the oil may have been removed, may be added. Corex® 200 is a commercial product made by Roquette Frères.
Cereal byproducts Maize starch byproduct, fresh, perlite added Fresh byproduct of maize starch extraction (Zea mays L), consisting of spent grains and steepwater solubles, to whom perlite has been added in order to improve the fixation of the organic constituents (particularly the nitrogen compounds) from the solubles.
Cereal byproducts Corn gluten meal, non-GMO Dried byproduct of the manufacture of non-GMO maize starch. It consists principally of gluten obtained during the separation of the starch.
Cereal byproducts Corn steep liquor By-product of maize starch extraction. During the process, the maize grain is soaked in hot water (steeping) to soften it prior to milling. This process dissolves proteins and sugars and this liquid is concentrated via evaporation to produce a condensed corn steep liquor.
Cereal byproducts Corn gluten feed, silage Ensiled byproduct of the manufacture of maize starch. It is composed of bran and gluten to which components of the steeping liquor, and possibly the germ, from which the oil may have been removed, may be added.
Cereal byproducts Maize distillers grains and solubles, oil < 6 %, protein < 30%, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of maize distillation (Zea mays L.) for the fabrication of alcohol, consisting of spent grains and steepwater solubles in variable proportions. This product contains less than 6% of residual oil.
Cereal byproducts Whisky draff and pot ale syrup, dried Dehydrated byproduct of whisky manufacture, consisting of spent grains and steepwater solubles.
Cereal byproducts Maize distillers grains and solubles, oil > 10% DM, fresh Fresh byproduct of maize distillation (Zea mays L.) for the fabrication of alcohol, consisting of spent grains. This product contains more than 10% DM of fat.
Cereal byproducts Maize solubles, distillery, liquid Liquid byproduct of maize (Zea mays L.) distillery consisting of the soluble fraction from which alcohol has been removed.
Cereal byproducts Maize distillers grains with solubles, oil > 6%, protein > 20%, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of maize distillation (Zea mays L.) for the fabrication of alcohol (ethanol), consisting of spent grains and steepwater solubles in variable proportions.
Cereal byproducts Maize distillers grains with solubles, protein > 40%, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of maize distillation (Zea mays L.) for the fabrication of alcohol (ethanol), consisting of spent grains and steepwater solubles in variable proportions. This product results from new processes that increase the protein content.
Cereal byproducts Wheat and maize distillers grains with solubles, ethanol production, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) and maize distillation (Zea mays L.) for the fabrication of alcohol (ethanol), consisting of spent grains and steepwater solubles in variable proportions.
Cereal byproducts Maize solubles, fresh Fresh byproduct of maize distillation (Zea mays L.) for the fabrication of alcohol, consisting of spent grains.
Cereal byproducts Maize solubles, distillery, dehydrated Corn solubles, dried (Zea mays L.)
Cereal byproducts Maize distillers grains with solubles, ethanol production, oil < 6%, protein > 30%, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of maize distillation (Zea mays L.) for the fabrication of alcohol (ethanol), consisting of spent grains and steepwater solubles in variable proportions.
Cereal byproducts Maize distillers grains without solubles, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of maize distillation (Zea mays L.) for the fabrication of alcohol (ethanol), consisting of spent grains without the addition of steepwater solubles.
Cereal byproducts Maize distillers grains without solubles, fresh Fresh byproduct of maize distillation (Zea mays L.) for the fabrication of alcohol (ethanol), consisting of spent grains without the addition of steepwater solubles.
Cereal byproducts Maize distillers grains without solubles, high protein, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of maize distillation (Zea mays L.) for the fabrication of alcohol (ethanol), rich in protein, consisting of spent grains without the addition of steepwater solubles.
Cereal byproducts Maize and sorghum distillers grains with solubles, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of maize (Zea mays L.) and sorghum distillation (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench) for the fabrication of alcohol (ethanol), consisting of spent grains and steepwater solubles in variable proportions.
Cereal byproducts Maize distillers grains with solubles, oil > 6%, protein < 20%, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of maize distillation (Zea mays L.) for the fabrication of alcohol (ethanol), consisting of spent grains and steepwater solubles in variable proportions.
Cereal byproducts Maize distillers grains with solubles, oil > 6%, protein > 20%, dehydrated, low phosphorus Dehydrated byproduct of maize distillation (Zea mays L.) for the fabrication of alcohol (ethanol), consisting of spent grains and steepwater solubles in variable proportions. The product was obtained by a method reducing its phosphorus content (< 0.5% DM).
Cereal byproducts Fatty maize Byproduct of maize (Zea mays L.) transformation. This is an badly defined product, close to maize gluten feed, though it contains more foreign matter (other than maize grain). It is no really fatty either (less than 5% fat). Other name : fatty meal.
Cereal byproducts Maize germ meal, type unknown Byproduct of maize processing consisting of extracted maize germs and other grain fragments  (Zea mays L.). This category contains maize germs meal that could not be properly identified.
Cereal byproducts Maize germs, oil 8-30% Byproduct of maize (Zea mays L.) semolina or flour manufacture consisting of maize germs and other grain fragments.
Cereal byproducts Maize feed flour, crude fibre 2-10% Byproduct of maize (Zea mays L.) semolina or flour manufacture, rich in starch (more than 40% DM).
Cereal byproducts Maize bran Byproduct of maize processing (Zea mays L.) consisting of grain outer coverings and other grain fragments in variable proportions. Maize brans are a vast family of by products from semolina and starch manufacture, ranging from maize feed flour to regular bran. The protein content is lower than 20% as fed and oil is lower than 15% as fed, so that maize bran should not contain pure germs.
Cereal byproducts Maize germ meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of maize germs (Zea mays L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction. Synonym: corn germ meal.
Cereal byproducts Maize flour, crude fibre < 2% Maize flour (Zea mays L.), normally used for human consumption or for petfood.
Cereal byproducts Maize germs, oil > 30%, crude fibre < 10% Dehydrated, maize germ (Zea mays L.) containing more than 30% oil (as fed).
Cereal byproducts Maize offal, protein 8-18%, oil 5-14% Byproduct of maize (Zea mays L.) semolina or flour manufacture consisting of extracted maize germs and other grain fragments. Synonym: hominy feed.
Cereal byproducts Maize bran, fresh Fresh byproduct of maize processing (Zea mays L.) consisting of grain outer coverings and other grain fragments in variable proportions. Maize brans are a vast family of by products from semolina and starch manufacture, ranging from maize feed flour to regular bran. The protein content is lower than 24%DM and oil is lower than 15%DM, so that maize bran should not contain pure germs.
Cereal byproducts Maize bran, ensiled Ensiled byproduct of maize processing (Zea mays L.) consisting of grain outer coverings and other grain fragments in variable proportions.
Cereal byproducts Maize offal, protein 8-18%, oil < 5% Byproduct of maize (Zea mays L.) semolina or flour manufacture consisting of various grain fragments.
Cereal byproducts Maize germ meal, oil 5-20% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of maize germs (Zea mays L.). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure only. Synonym: corn germ meal.
Cereal byproducts Maize feed flour, organic Byproduct of maize (Zea mays L.) semolina or flour manufacture, rich in starch (more than 40% DM), produced by organic farming.
Cereal byproducts Maize bran, fermented Byproduct of maize processing (Zea mays L.) consisting of grain outer coverings and other grain fragments in variable proportions, fermented with bacteria and yeast.
Cereal byproducts Maize germ meal, oil > 20% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of maize germs (Zea mays L.). This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure only. Synonym: corn germ meal.
Cereal byproducts Maize germ meal, oil < 5%, crude fibre > 12% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of maize germs (Zea mays L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction. Synonym: corn germ meal.
Cereal byproducts Citrofeed Byproduct of citric acid production by fermentation on a substrate of maize and rapeseed meal.
Cereal byproducts Maize germs, oil > 30%, crude fibre > 10% Dehydrated, maize germ (Zea mays L.) containing more than 30% oil (as fed).
Cereal byproducts Barley brewers grains, fresh Fresh byproduct of brewing obtained by drying residues of malted and unmalted barley (Hordeum vulgare L.).
Cereal byproducts Barley brewers grains, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of brewing obtained by drying residues of malted and unmalted barley (Hordeum vulgare L.).
Cereal byproducts Barley rootlets, dehydrated Dehydrated mixture of germs and rootlets of barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) obtained after cleaning the malted barley in the brewery process. Other names :  malt sprouts, malt culms.
Cereal byproducts Barley brewers grains, ensiled Ensiled byproduct of brewing obtained by drying residues of malted and unmalted barley (Hordeum vulgare L.).
Cereal byproducts Barley solubles, brewery, concentrated Fresh byproduct of barley brewery (Hordeum vulgare L.), consisting of concentrated solubles.
Cereal byproducts Barley brewers grains, dehydrated, organic Dehydrated byproduct of brewing obtained by drying residues of malted and unmalted barley (Hordeum vulgare L.), obtained by organic farming.
Cereal byproducts Barley and sorghum brewers grains, dehydrated Barley and sorghum brewers's grains, dehydrated (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench)
Cereal byproducts Rice bran, type unspecified Byproduct of rice processing (Oryza sativa L.), consisting in envelopes, germs and fragments of endosperm. This category contains rice brans that could not be classified according to their content in fat and crude fibre.
Cereal byproducts Rice bran, oil < 5%, crude fibre 11-20% Byproduct of rice processing (Oryza sativa L.), consisting in envelopes, germs and fragments of endosperm. This product was deoiled, probably by solvent extraction.
Cereal byproducts Rice polishings Byproduct of rice polishing (Oryza sativa L.) consisting of seed teguments and endosperm fractions.
Cereal byproducts Rice bran, oil > 5%, crude fibre 5-11% Non-defatted byproduct of rice processing (Oryza sativa L.), consisting in envelopes, germs and fragments of endosperm, containing between 4 and 11% (as fed) of crude fibre. Other names : rice shorts
Cereal byproducts Rice flour Rice flour (Oryza sativa L.).
Cereal byproducts Rice bran, oil < 5%, crude fibre > 20% Defatted byproduct of rice processing (Oryza sativa L.), consisting in envelopes, germs and fragments of endosperm.This product contains rice hulls.
Cereal byproducts Rice bran, oil > 5%, crude fibre 11-20% Non-defatted byproduct of rice processing (Oryza sativa L.), consisting of envelopes, germs and fragments of endosperm, containing 11-20% (as fed) of crude fibre.
Cereal byproducts Rice germs Byproduct of rice transformation (Oryza sativa L.), consisting of germs, almost completely separated from the other parts of the grain.
Cereal byproducts Rice shorts, oil < 5%, crude fibre < 5% Defatted byproduct of rice processing (Oryza sativa L.), consisting in fragments of endosperm, germs and envelopes.
Cereal byproducts Rice bran, oil < 5%, crude fibre 5-11% Defatted byproduct of rice processing (Oryza sativa L.), consisting in envelopes, germs and fragments of endosperm. This product was deoiled, probably by solvent extraction.
Cereal byproducts Rice shorts, oil > 5%, crude fibre < 5% Non-defatted byproduct of rice processing (Oryza sativa L.), consisting in envelopes, germs and fragments of endosperm, containing less than 5% (as fed) of crude fibre. Other names : rice shorts
Cereal byproducts Rice bran, oil > 5%, crude fibre >20% Non-defatted byproduct of rice processing (Oryza sativa L.), consisting of envelopes, germs and fragments of endosperm, containing more than 20% (as fed) of crude fibre.
Cereal byproducts Rice bran, oil < 5%, crude fibre 5-11%, extruded Defatted byproduct of rice processing (Oryza sativa L.), consisting in envelopes, germs and fragments of endosperm. This product was deoiled, probably by solvent extraction, and extruded.
Cereal byproducts Rice hulls Rice hulls (Oriza sativa L.), byproduct of rice processing.
Cereal byproducts Buckwheat (Fagopyrum esculentum), hulls Buckwheat hulls (Fagopyrum esculentum L.).
Cereal byproducts Barley hulls, naked barley Barley hulls (Hordeum vulgare L.) from naked barley cultivars. These hulls are richer in protein than the ones from regular cultivars.
Cereal byproducts Rice hulls, NaOH-treated NaOH-treated rice hulls (Oriza sativa L.), byproduct of rice processing.
Cereal byproducts Oat hulls Oat hulls (Avena sativa L.).
Cereal byproducts Wheat chaff Husks of wheat (Triticum spp.) grains, unprocessed.
Cereal byproducts Wheat chaff, ammonia-treated Husks of wheat (Triticum spp.) grains, ammonia-treated.
Cereal byproducts Barley hulls Barley hulls (Hordeum vulgare L.).
Cereal byproducts Lopsided oat (Avena strigosa), hulls Oat hulls (Avena strigosa Schreb.).
Cereal byproducts Spelt (Triticum spelta), chaff Husks of spelt grain (Triticum spelta L.).
Cereal byproducts Millet hulls Millet hulls, from an unspecified millet species.
Cereal byproducts Rice hulls, silage, urea-treated Urea-treated and ensiled rice hulls (Oriza sativa L.), byproduct of rice processing.
Cereal byproducts Teff (Eragrostis tef), bran Teff (Eragrostis tef (Zucc.) Trotter), bran
Cereal byproducts Rice hulls, ammonia-treated Ammonia-treated rice hulls (Oriza sativa L.), byproduct of rice processing.
Cereal byproducts Foxtail millet (Setaria italica), bran Bran obtained from the processing of foxtail millet (Setaria italica (L.) Beauv.) grain
Cereal byproducts Oat hulls, ammonia-treated Oat hulls (Avena sativa L.), ammonia-treated
Cereal byproducts Buckwheat (Fagopyrum esculentum), hulls, organic Buckwheat hulls (Fagopyrum esculentum L.),  produced by organic farming.
Cereal byproducts Barley distillers grains with solubles, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) distillery, consisting of spent grains with the soluble fraction added.
Cereal byproducts Barley distillers grains, fresh, whisky production Fresh byproduct of barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) distillery for the fabrication of whisky, consisting of spent grains.
Cereal byproducts Barley solubles, whisky distillery byproduct, concentrated, fresh Fresh byproduct of barley whisky distillery (Hordeum vulgare L.), consisting of concentrated solubles fractions.
Cereal byproducts Cereal offal Byproduct of the transformation of unspecified cereals.
Cereal byproducts Oat byproduct Byproduct of oat (Avena sativa L.) processing, consisting of small oat grains, broken grains and other fragments.
Cereal byproducts Common millet (Panicum miliaceum), mash, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of the brewery of common millet (Panicum miliaceum L.). Other name : pito. Ghanean product.
Cereal byproducts Sorghum distillers grains with solubles, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of sorghum distillation (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench) for the fabrication of alcohol, consisting of spent grains with the soluble fraction added.
Cereal byproducts Barley gluten feed, dehydrated Dried byproduct of the manufacture of barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) starch. It is probably composed of bran, gluten and other byproduct of the starch extraction process. This is a product from Finland called "barley protein" due to its high (25%) protein content.
Cereal byproducts Barley bran, distillery byproduct Byproduct of barley distillery (Hordeum vulgare L.). It consists principally of fragments of the outer skins, and of particles of grain from which the greater part of the endosperm has been removed.
Cereal byproducts Barley, malt Barley grain (Hordeum vulgare L.), germinated and autoclaved, without germs or rootlets.
Cereal byproducts Pearl millet (Pennisetum glaucum), malt Grain of pearl millet (Pennisetum glaucum (L.), R. Br.), germinated, heated and ground.
Cereal byproducts Maize flaking byproduct Byproduct of maize (Zea mays L.) flaking, consisting probably of broken or unprocessed maize grains.
Cereal byproducts Malt bran Dehydrated byproduct of barley brewery (Hordeum vulgare L.), probably consisting of malted barley bran and other grain fragment (rootlets, germs). The composition of this product is hightly variable, and close to Feed N°1780 (barley rootlets and brewery byproduct.
Cereal byproducts Buckwheat bran (Fagopyrum esculentum), protein > 25% Byproduct of flour manufacture from buckwheat seeds (Fagopyrum esculentum L.). This product was obtained from dehulled grains.
Cereal byproducts Rye bran Byproduct of rye flour manufacture (Secale secale L.). It consists principally of fragments of the outer skins, and of particles of grain from which the greater part of the endosperm has been removed.
Cereal byproducts Sorghum solubles, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of sorghum processing (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench), consisting of solubles fractions.
Cereal byproducts Cereal offal, crude fibre 5-14% Byproduct of cereal processing, that have 5-14% (as fed) of crude fiber.
Cereal byproducts Cereal offal, crude fibre > 14% Byproduct of cereal processing, that should have more than 14% (DM basis) of crude fiber.
Cereal byproducts Barley distillers grains with solubles, fresh Fresh byproduct of barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) distillery, consisting of spent grains with the soluble fraction added.
Cereal byproducts Oat bran, protein > 15% Product composed of oat (Avena sativa L.) bran, of the germ and fractions of the endosperm. This is usually a human food product.
Cereal byproducts Oat flour Byproduct of oat bran (Avena sativa L.) manufacture.
Cereal byproducts Sorghum gluten meal Dried byproduct of the manufacture of sorghum starch (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench). It consists principally of gluten obtained during the separation of the starch. This product contains around 50% of protein.
Cereal byproducts Rye distillers grains with solubles, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of rye distillation (Secale secale L.) for the fabrication of alcohol, consisting of spent grains with the soluble fraction added.
Cereal byproducts Barley, flaked, byproduct Byproduct of the flaking of the barley grain (Hordeum vulgare L.).
Cereal byproducts Common millet (Panicum miliaceum), flour Common millet (Panicum miliaceum L.) flour.
Cereal byproducts Sorghum germs Byproduct of the extraction of sorghum starch (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench) by the wet-milling process, consisting of non-deoiled germs. This is a Sudanese product.
Cereal byproducts Cereal offal, crude fibre < 5% Byproduct of cereal processing, that should have less than 5% (as fed) of crude fiber.
Cereal byproducts Oat groats Coarsely ground, decorticated oat grain (Avena sativa L.).
Cereal byproducts Sorghum bran Byproduct of sorghum processing (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench). It consists principally of fragments of the outer skins, and of particles of grain from which the greater part of the endosperm has been removed.
Cereal byproducts Wheat dust Dust obtained from the storage of wheat (Triticum spp.), consisting of fine grain fragments and other foreign material.
Cereal byproducts Maize dust Dust obtained from the storage of maize (Zea mays L.), consisting of fine grain fragments and other foreign material.
Cereal byproducts Sorghum dust Dust obtained from the storage of sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench), consisting of fine grain fragments and other foreign material.
Cereal byproducts Barley distillers grains, dehydrated, dehulled grains Dehydrated byproduct of barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) distillery, consisting of spent grains of decorticated barley.
Cereal byproducts Barley distillers grains with solubles, dehydrated, dehulled grains Dehydrated byproduct of barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) distillery, consisting of spent grains of dehulled barley with the soluble fraction added.
Cereal byproducts Barley bran, ethanol production, dehydrated Byproduct of barley distillery (Hordeum vulgare L.). It consists principally of fragments of the outer skins, and of particles of grain from which the greater part of the endosperm has been removed. This product from Finland is also known as "barley fibre".
Cereal byproducts Barley distillers grains, dehydrated, ethanol production Dehydrated byproduct of barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) distillery for the fabrication of ethanol, consisting of spent grains.
Cereal byproducts Oat distillers grains, ethanol production, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of oat distillation (Avena spp.) for the fabrication of ethanol, consisting of spent grains.
Cereal byproducts Barley bran, starch byproduct Byproduct of barley starch extraction (Hordeum vulgare L.). It consists principally of fragments of the outer skins, and of particles of grain from which the greater part of the endosperm has been removed. This product from Finland is also known as "barley fibre".
Cereal byproducts Sorghum gluten feed Dried byproduct of the manufacture of sorghum starch (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench). It is composed of bran and gluten to which components of the steeping liquor, and possibly the germ, from which the oil may have been removed, may be added. This is a Sudanese product
Cereal byproducts Barley solubles, fresh, starch or distillery byproduct Fresh byproduct of barley wet-milling for starch extraction, or distillery (Hordeum vulgare L.), consisting of concentrated solubles fractions.
Cereal byproducts Common millet (Panicum miliaceum), bran, crude fibre < 15% Bran of the grain of common millet (Panicum miliaceum L.). Other name : proso millet.
Cereal byproducts Buckwheat flour (Fagopyrum esculentum) Buckwheat flour (Fagopyrum esculentum L.), used in petfood or human food.
Cereal byproducts Rye flour Rye flour (Secale secale L.), used in petfood or human food.
Cereal byproducts Quinoa (Chenopodium quinoa), germs, dry Quinoa germ (Chenopodium quinoa Willdenow). Quino is an herbaceous plant of the Andes, whose grains are eaten as cereals.
Cereal byproducts Sorghum distillers grains, fresh Fresh byproduct of sorghum distillation (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench) for the fabrication of alcohol, consisting of spent grains.
Cereal byproducts Rye middlings Byproduct of flour manufacture, obtained from screened grains of rye (Secale secale L.). It consists principally of fragments of the outer skins and of particles of grain from which less of the endosperm has been removed than in rye bran.
Cereal byproducts Barley rootlets byproduct, fresh Barley rootlets byproduct, fresh
Cereal byproducts Buckwheat bran (Fagopyrum esculentum), protein < 25% Byproduct of flour manufacture from buckwheat seeds (Fagopyrum esculentum L.). This product was obtained from non-dehulled grains.
Cereal byproducts Pearl millet (Pennisetum glaucum), bran Pearl millet (Pennisetum glaucum (L.) R. Br.), bran
Cereal byproducts Barley flour Barley flour (Hordeum vulgare L.).
Cereal byproducts Cereal offal, crude fibre > 14%, organic Byproduct of organic cereal processing, that should have more than 14% (DM basis) of crude fiber.
Cereal byproducts Cereal offal, crude fibre < 14%, organic Byproduct of organic cereal processing, that should have less  than 14% (DM basis) of crude fiber.
Cereal byproducts Bulgur Wheat grain (usually from durum wheat Triticum durum L.) with the bran partially removed, parboiled, dried and coarsely ground.
Cereal byproducts Barley bran Byproduct of barley processing (Hordeum vulgare L.). It consists principally of fragments of the outer skins, and of particles of grain from which the greater part of the endosperm has been removed.
Cereal byproducts Wheat groats Coarsely ground, decorticated wheat grain (Triticum sp.).
Cereal byproducts Rice paper wrapper Human food product prepared with rice flour (Oriza sativa L.), water and salt.
Cereal byproducts Maize and barley distillers grains, ethanol production, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of maize (Zea mays L.) and barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) (70-30%) distillery for the fabrication of ethanol, consisting of spent grains.
Cereal byproducts Sorghum brewers grains, dried Sorghum brewer's grains, dried (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench)
Cereal byproducts Brewers grains, artisanal, fresh Brewers' grains, artisanal, fresh
Cereal byproducts Distillers grains, artisanal, fresh Distillers' grains, artisanal, fresh
Cereal byproducts Finger millet (Eleusine coracana), bran Finger millet (Eleusine coracana (L.) Gaertn.), bran
Cereal byproducts Barley solubles, distillery, dehydrated Barley (Hordeum vulgare L.), distillery solubles (thin stillage), fresh
Cereal byproducts Rye distillers grains without solubles, fresh Rye (Secale cereale L.) distillers' grains without solubles, fresh
Cereal byproducts Rye solubles, distillery, dried Rye thin stillage (Secale cereale L.), distillery solubles (thin stillage), dried
Cereal byproducts Triticale distillers grains with solubles, dried Triticale distillers grains with solubles, dried (× Triticosecale Wittm. ex A. Camus.)
Cereal byproducts Triticale distillers grains, without solubles, fresh Triticale (× Triticosecale Wittm. ex A. Camus.) distillers grains without solubles, fresh
Cereal byproducts Triticale solubles, distillery, dried Triticale (× Triticosecale Wittm. ex A. Camus.), distillery solubles (thin stillage), dried
Cereal byproducts Brewers grains, artisanal, dehydrated Brewers' grains, artisanal, dehydrated
Cereal byproducts Barley distillers grains without solubles, fresh Fresh byproduct of barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) distillery for the fabrication of alcohol, consisting of spent grains.
Cereal byproducts Atella, Ethiopian brewer's grains, dehydrated Dehydrated by-product of the fabrication of Ethiopian beer from barley, millet, sorghum, maize or teff.
Cereal byproducts Atella, Ethiopian brewer's grains, fresh Fresh by-product of the fabrication of Ethiopian beer from barley, millet, sorghum, maize or teff.
Cereal byproducts Atella, Ethiopian distillers grains, fresh Fresh by-product of the fabrication of Ethiopian alcohol from barley, millet, sorghum, maize or teff.
Cereal byproducts Rice ale residue Unidentified byproduct of rice ale production (Oriza sativa L.)
Cereal byproducts Sorghum hominy feed Byproduct of sorghum Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench) semolina manufacture consisting of germs and other grain fragments.
Cereal byproducts Rice distillery byproduct Unidentified byproduct of rice ale production (Oriza sativa L.)
Cereal byproducts Sorghum germ meal Byproduct of maize processing consisting of extracted sorghum germs and other grain fragments (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench).
Cereal byproducts Sorghum malt germs Byproduct of the sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench) brewery
Cereal byproducts Sorghum brewers grains, fresh Sorghum brewer's grains (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench), fresh
Cereal byproducts Sorghum distillers grains with solubles, protein > 40%, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of sorghum distillation (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench) for the fabrication of alcohol, consisting of spent grains with the soluble fraction added.
Cereal byproducts Barley distillers grains, silage, whisky production Ensiled byproduct of barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) distillery for the fabrication of whisky, consisting of spent grains.
Cereal byproducts Wheat, malt Wheat grain (Triticum spp.), germinated and autoclaved, without germs or rootlets.
Cereal byproducts Pearl millet (Pennisetum glaucum), hulls Pearl millet (Pennisetum glaucum (L.) R. Br.), hulls
Cereal byproducts Buckwheat (Fagopyrum esculentum) grits Buckwheat grits (Fagopyrum esculentum L.)
Cereal byproducts Buckwheat (Fagopyrum esculentum), germs Buckwheat germs (Fagopyrum esculentum L.).
Cereal byproducts Sorghum malt dust Dust obtained from the malt process during the manufacturing of sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench) beer.
Cereal byproducts Common millet (Panicum miliaceum), bran, crude fibre > 15% Bran of the grain of common millet (Panicum miliaceum L.). Other name : proso millet.
Cereal byproducts Oat bran, protein < 15% Product composed of oat (Avena sativa L.) bran, of the germ and fractions of the endosperm. This is usually a human food product.
Cereal byproducts Rice distillers grains with solubles, protein < 40%, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of rice distillation (Oriza sativa L.) for the fabrication of alcohol (ethanol), consisting of spent grains with the soluble fraction added. The rice used includes bran, hence a protein content < 40%.
Cereal byproducts Rice distillers grains with solubles, protein 40-50%, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of rice distillation (Oriza sativa L.) for the fabrication of alcohol (ethanol), consisting of spent grains with the soluble fraction added.
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil < 5%, type 50 or Hipro Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) without reintroduction of soybean hulls. This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction. Commercial guarantee is for minimum protein + oil content.
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil < 5%, type 44 or 46 Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) and partial reintroduction of soybean hulls. This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction. Commercial guarantee is for minimum protein content (44) or minimum protein + oil content (46).
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction. This category includes soybean meals of unspecified quality.
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil < 5%, type 48 Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) and partial reintroduction of soybean hulls. This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction. Commercial guarantee is for minimum protein + oil content.
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil < 5%, rumen-protected with formaldehyde Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction and was later treated with formaldehyde in order to protect the protein from ruminal degradation.
Oil meals Soybean and rapeseed meal, oil < 5%, rumen-protected with formaldehyde Mixture of byproducts of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) and rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction, and was later treated with formaldehyde in order to protect the protein from ruminal degradation.
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil < 5%, type 48, rumen-protected with formaldehyde Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.), with partial reintroduction of soybean hulls. This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction, and was later treated with formaldehyde in order to protect the protein from ruminal degradation. Commercial guarantee is for minimum protein + oil content.
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil > 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure only. This category includes soybean meals of unspecified quality.
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil < 5%, types 50 or Hipro, rumen-protected with formaldehyde Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.), without reintroduction of soybean hulls. This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction, and was later treated with formaldehyde in order to protect the protein from ruminal degradation. Commercial guarantee is for minimum protein + oil content.
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil < 5%, type 49 Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) and partial reintroduction of soybean hulls. This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction. Commercial guarantee is for minimum protein + oil content.
Oil meals Soybean and rapeseed meal, oil < 5%, rumen-protected with formaldehyde, 80/20 ratio Mixture of byproducts of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) and rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus) with a 80:20 ratio. This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction, and was later treated with formaldehyde in order to protect the protein from ruminal degradation.
Oil meals Soybean flour Ground, toasted and defatted soybean seed (Glycine max (L.) Merr.). This product should contain more protein than the regular soybean meal and is usually sold under commercial names.
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil < 5%, protein < 40% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction. This low-quality product may contain important amounts of hulls and whole seeds.
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil < 5%, type Lopro, Argentina Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) and partial reintroduction of soybean hulls, produced in Argentina. This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil < 5%, autoclaved Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) treated by autoclaving. This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil < 5%, rumen-protected with xylose Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction and was later treated with xylose in order to protect the protein from ruminal degradation. Several commercial products are available.
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil > 5%, organic Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) obtained by organic farming. This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure only. This category includes soybean meals of unspecified quality.
Oil meals Soybean flour, low-oligosaccharides Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by mechanical extraction, solvent extraction and heating of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.), and treated by a process which eliminates the soybean oligosaccharides and reduces the levels of soya trypsin inhibitors, lectins and antigens.
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil < 5%, type 48, non-GMO Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) of non-GMO varieties, with partial reintroduction of soybean hulls. This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction. Commercial guarantee is for minimum protein + oil content.
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil < 5%, type 50 or Hipro, non-GMO Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) without reintroduction of soybean hulls, from non-GMO varieties. This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction. Commercial guarantee is for minimum protein + oil content.
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil < 5%, type 50 or Hipro, North and Central America Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) without reintroduction of soybean hulls, produced in North and Central America. This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction. Commercial guarantee is for minimum protein + oil content.
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil < 5%, type 50 or Hipro, South America Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) without reintroduction of soybean hulls, produced in South America. This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction. Commercial guarantee is for minimum protein + oil content.
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil < 5%, non-GMO Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) of non-GMO varieties. This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Soybean meal, huile < 5%, type 47 Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) and partial reintroduction of soybean hulls. This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction. Commercial guarantee is for minimum protein + oil content.
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil > 5%, extruded Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure only, and then extruded.
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil > 5%, dehulled, extruded Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure only, and then extruded.
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil < 5%, low-phytate Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) of low-phytate varieties. This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil < 5%, heat-treated Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction and treated with heat with more intensity than in the usual process.
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil < 5%, type 48, micronized (grinding) Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) and partial reintroduction of soybean hulls. This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction. Commercial guarantee is for minimum protein + oil content.
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil > 5%, type 50 or Hipro, organic Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) obtained by organic farming.
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil < 5%, fermented Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction and was later fermented.
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil < 5%, rumen-protected with lignosulfonate Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction and was later treated with lignosulfate in order to protect the protein from ruminal degradation.
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil < 5%, type 50 or Hipro, micronized (grinding) Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) without reintroduction of soybean hulls. This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction. Commercial guarantee is for minimum protein + oil content.
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil < 5%, rumen-protected (unspecified method) Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction and was later treated by an unspecified method to protect the protein from ruminal degradation.
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil > 5%, non-GMO Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) of non-GMO varieties. This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure.
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil > 5%, rumen-protected (unspecified method) Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.). This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure and was later treated by an unspecified method to protect the protein from ruminal degradation.
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil > 5%, heat-treated Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure only, and processed with heat.
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil < 5%, 42-43 Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction. This category includes soybean meals with a protein content of about 42-43% as fed.
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil < 5%, rumen-protected with pentose Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction and was later treated with a pentose sugar in order to protect the protein from ruminal degradation. Several commercial products are available.
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil > 5%, protein > 50% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) varieties. This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure.
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil < 5%, protein < 40%, non-GMO Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) of non-GMO varieties, with partial reintroduction of soybean hulls. This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction. Commercial guarantee is for minimum protein + oil content.
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil < 5%, extruded Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.). This product was deoiled and then extruded.
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil > 5%, fermented Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.). This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure and was later fermented.
Oil meals Soybean meal, oil < 5%, fermented, fresh Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction and was later fermented. This is a fresh product (DM < 70%).
Oil meals Sunflower meal, huile < 5%, non dehulled, origin France Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of whole sunflower seeds (Helianthus annuus L.) from France. This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Sunflower meal, oil < 5%, dehulled, origin Argentina Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled or partially dehulled sunflower seeds (Helianthus annuus L.) from Argentina. This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Sunflower meal, oil < 5%, dehulled, protein 40-50% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled sunflower seeds (Helianthus annuus L.). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction. The protein content is comprised between 40 and 50% (as fed).
Oil meals Sunflower meal, oil < 5%, non-dehulled, other origins or unspecified origins Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of whole sunflower seeds (Helianthus annuus L.). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction. This category includes the types 28, 29 and 30.
Oil meals Sunflower meal, oil < 5%, type unspecified Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of sunflower seeds (Helianthus annuus L.). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction. The level of dehulling is not specified but most of the samples correspond to non-dehulled oil meals.
Oil meals Sunflower meal, huile < 5%, dehulled Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled or partially dehulled sunflower seeds (Helianthus annuus L.). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Sunflower meal, oil > 5%, protein > 30% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled sunflower seeds (Helianthus annuus L.). This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Sunflower meal, oil 5-20%, non dehulled Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of whole sunflower seeds (Helianthus annuus L.). This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Sunflower meal, oil < 5%, non-dehulled, rumen-protected (unspecified process) Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of whole sunflower seeds (Helianthus annuus L.). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction, and the protein protected in the rumen by an unspecified process.
Oil meals Sunflower meal, oil < 5%, non-dehulled, Argentina Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of whole sunflower seeds (Helianthus annuus L.) from Argentina. This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Sunflower meal, oil > 5%, protein < 30%, organic Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of whole sunflower seeds (Helianthus annuus L.) obtained by organic farming. This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Sunflower meal, oil > 5%, oleic type Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of sunflower seeds (Helianthus annuus L.) of varieties rich in oleic acid. This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Sunflower meal, huile < 5%, dehulled, Hipro Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled sunflower seeds (Helianthus annuus L.) sold under the name Hipro. This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Sunflower meal, oil > 5%, protein > 30%, organic Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled sunflower seeds (Helianthus annuus L.) obtained by organic farming. This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Sunflower meal, huile < 5%, dehulled, expanded Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled or partially dehulled sunflower seeds (Helianthus annuus L.). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction and expanding
Oil meals Sunflower meal, huile < 5%, dehulled, biofuel production Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled or partially dehulled sunflower seeds (Helianthus annuus L.). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Sunflower fractioning byproduct, 15-25% protein Fibrous byproduct of the process of concentration of protein in sunflower meal (Helianthus annuus L.) by fractioning. This product includes sunflower hulls.
Oil meals Sunflower flour, micronized (grinding) Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled sunflower seeds (Helianthus annuus L.) and ground extremely finely.
Oil meals Sunflower meal, huile < 5%, dehulled, stearic type Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled or partially dehulled sunflower seeds (Helianthus annuus L.) of varieties rich in stearic acid. This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Sunflower meal, oil < 5%, dehulled, protein 46% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled sunflower seeds (Helianthus annuus L.). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction, followed by decortication and fractioning. The protein content is 46% or more.
Oil meals Sunflower fractioning byproduct, 10-15% protein Fibrous byproduct of the process of concentration of protein in sunflower meal (Helianthus annuus L.) by fractioning. This product includes sunflower hulls.
Oil meals Sunflower meal, huile < 5%, dehulled, protein < 40%, crude fibre < 15% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled or partially dehulled sunflower seeds (Helianthus annuus L.). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Sunflower meal, oil < 5%, dehulled, protein > 50% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled sunflower seeds (Helianthus annuus L.). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction. The protein content exceeds 50% (as fed).
Oil meals Rapeseed meal, oil < 5%, heated Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction. It was submitted to a thermal treatment more intensive than for the usual rapeseed meals.
Oil meals Rapeseed meal, oil < 5%, old varieties Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus) from old varieties rich in erucic acid and glucosinolates. This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Rapeseed meal, oil 5-20%, old varieties Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus) from varieties rich in erucic acid and glucosinolates. This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Rapeseed meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction. The rapeseed meals in this category are generally of "00" varieties (low in glucosinolates and erucic acid) but there are also rapeseed meals from varieties rich in erucic acid and cultivated for industrial purposes.
Oil meals Rapeseed meal, oil < 5%, rumen-protected with formaldehyde Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction, and was later treated with formaldehyde in order to protect the protein from ruminal degradation.
Oil meals Rapeseed meal, oil < 5%, dehulled Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Rapeseed meal, oil < 5%, type Canola, low-linolenic Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of Canola rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus) from varieties having a low content in linolenic acid. This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Rapeseed meal, oil < 5%, old varieties, dehulled Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus) from old varieties rich in erucic acid and glucosinolates. This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Rapeseed meal, oil 5-20% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Rapeseed meal, oil 5-20%, dehulled Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Rapeseed meal, oil < 5%, type Canola Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of Canola rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Rapeseed meal, oil 5-20%, type Canola Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of Canola rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Rapeseed meal, origin China Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus) produced in China. This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Rapeseed meal, origin India Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus) produced in India. This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Rapeseed meal, oil > 5%, organic Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus) and obtained by organic farming. This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Rapeseed meal, oil < 5%, protein 40-50% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Rapeseed meal, oil > 20% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus). This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Rapeseed meal, oil 5-20%, old varieties, dehulled Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus) from varieties rich in erucic acid and glucosinolates. This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Rapeseed meal, oil < 5%, extruded Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Rapeseed meal, oil < 5%, expanded Expanded byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus).
Oil meals Rapeseed meal, oil < 5%, type 35 or 36 Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction. These meals have a higher protein content than standard rapeseed meal.
Oil meals Rapeseed meal, oil < 5%, fermented Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction. It was submitted to a fermentation.
Oil meals Rapeseed meal, oil < 5%, rumen-protected with magnesium lignosulfonate Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction and was later treated with lignosulfate in order to protect the protein from ruminal degradation.
Oil meals Rapeseed meal, oil < 5%, rumen-protected (unspecified process) Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction and was later treated to protect the protein from ruminal degradation.
Oil meals Rapeseed meal, oil < 5%, old varieties, rumen-protected with formaldehyde Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus) from old varieties rich in erucic acid and glucosinolates. This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction, and was later treated with formaldehyde in order to protect the protein from ruminal degradation.
Oil meals Rapeseed meal, oil < 5%, extruded, type Canola Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of Canola rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction, and then extruded.
Oil meals Rapeseed meal, oil < 5%, type Canola, low-fibre Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of Canola rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus) from varieties low in fibre and rich in protein. This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Rapeseed meal, oil 5-20%, heated, type Canola Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of Canola rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure only, and heated
Oil meals Rapeseed meal, oil < 5%, erucic Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus) from varieties rich in erucic acid. This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Rapeseed meal, oil > 5%, protein 3 40% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus). This product may be the byproduct of a fractioning process aiming at producing high-protein rapeseed meal.
Oil meals Rapeseed meal, oil 5-20%, fresh Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Rapeseed meal, oil < 5%, protein > 50% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Rapeseed meal, oil 5-20%, crude fibre > 16% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Rapeseed meal, oil < 5%, type 38 Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction. These meals have a higher protein content than standard rapeseed meal.
Oil meals Rapeseed meal, oil 5-20%, fermented Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure. It was submitted to a fermentation.
Oil meals Rapeseed meal, oil 5-20%, hydrothermal treatment Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure. It was submitted to a hydrothermal treatment by steam and high pressure.
Oil meals Rapeseed meal, oil < 5%, enzyme treatment (protease) Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction. This product was treated with a protease enzyme.
Oil meals Rapeseed meal, oil < 5%, fermented and enzyme treatment (protease) Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction. It was submitted to a fermentation and treated with a protease.
Oil meals Groundnut meal, oil < 5%, crude fibre > 9% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of groundnut seeds (Arachis hypogaea L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Groundnut meal, oil 5-20%, crude fibre < 10% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of groundnut seeds (Arachis hypogaea L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Groundnut and cottonseed meal Mixture of byproducts of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of groundnut seeds (Arachis hypogaea L.) and cottonseeds (Gossypium spp.). This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction, and detoxified with ammonia.
Oil meals Groundnut meal, oil < 5%, crude fibre < 9% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of groundnut seeds (Arachis hypogaea L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Groundnut meal, detoxified with ammonia, Senegal Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of groundnut seeds (Arachis hypogaea L.) produced in Senegal. This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction, and detoxified with ammonia.
Oil meals Groundnut meal, detoxified with ammonia, origin France Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of groundnut seeds (Arachis hypogaea L.). This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction, and detoxified with ammonia in France. It was produced until 2005.
Oil meals Groundnut meal, oil < 5%, protein < 40% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of groundnut seeds (Arachis hypogaea L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction. This is a product of highly variable quality.
Oil meals Groundnut meal, oil > 20%, organic Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of groundnut seeds (Arachis hypogaea L.) produced by organic farming. This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Groundnut meal, oil > 20% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of groundnut seeds (Arachis hypogaea L.). This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Groundnut meal, oil 5-20%, crude fibre > 10% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of groundnut seeds (Arachis hypogaea L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Groundnut meal, oil 5-20%, protein < 35% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of groundnut seeds (Arachis hypogaea L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Peanut flour meal Groundnut seeds (Arachis hypogaea L.), dehulled, ground and partly deoiled.
Oil meals Linseed meal, oil 5-20% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of linseeds (Linum usitatissimum L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only. Synonym: flaxseed meal.
Oil meals Linseed meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of linseeds (Linum usitatissimum L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction. Synonym: flaxseed meal
Oil meals Linseed meal, oil > 5%, low-linolenic Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of linseeds (Linum usitatissimum L.) from low-linolenic varieties. The oil should contain 3% of linolenic acid (vs 60% in regular varieties). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only. Synonym: flaxseed meal.
Oil meals Linseed meal, huile > 5%, organic Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of linseeds (Linum usitatissimum L.) obtained by organic farming. This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only. Synonym: flaxseed meal
Oil meals Linseed meal, oil > 20% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of linseeds (Linum usitatissimum L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only. Synonym: flaxseed meal.
Oil meals Cottonseed meal, huile < 5%, crude fibre 15-20% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of partially dehulled cottonseeds (Gossypium spp.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Cottonseed meal, huile > 5%, crude fibre 15-20% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of partially dehulled cottonseeds (Gossypium spp.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Cottonseed meal, huile < 5%, crude fibre > 20% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of whole cottonseeds (Gossypium spp.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Cottonseed meal, oil > 5%, crude fibre < 15% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled cottonseeds (Gossypium spp.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Cottonseed meal, oil < 5%, crude fibre < 14% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled cottonseeds (Gossypium spp.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Cottonseed meal, oil > 5%, crude fibre > 20% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of whole cottonseeds (Gossypium spp.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed only.
Oil meals Cottonseed meal, ash > 10% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of cottonseeds (Gossypium spp.). This product was produced by artesanal means and contains a large amount of mineral matter.
Oil meals Cottonseed meal, oil < 5%, protein > 55% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled cottonseeds (Gossypium spp.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Cottonseed meal, oil < 5%, crude fibre < 15%, fermenté Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled cottonseeds (Gossypium spp.) and fermente. This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Copra meal, oil 5-20% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dried coconut (Cocos nucifera L.) kernels (copra). This product was deoiled, usually by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Copra meal, huile < 5%, molasses added Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dried coconut (Cocos nucifera L.) kernels (copra). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction, and molasses was added.
Oil meals Copra meal, oil > 20% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dried coconut (Cocos nucifera L.) kernels (copra). This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Palm kernel meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled oil palm kernels (Elaeis guineensis Jacq. or Elaeis melanococca auct.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Palm kernel meal, oil 5-20%, molasses added Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled oil palm kernels (Elaeis guineensis Jacq. or Elaeis melanococca auct.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction and molasses was added
Oil meals Palm kernel meal, oil 5-20% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled oil palm kernels (Elaeis guineensis Jacq. or Elaeis melanococca auct.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Palm kernel meal, oil > 20% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled oil palm kernels (Elaeis guineensis Jacq. or Elaeis melanococca auct.). This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Palm press fibre, oil > 15% Palm press fibre is a by-product of the extraction of palm oil from oil palm fruits (Elaeis guineensis L.). This fibrous residue is obtained after the crude oil is separated from the sterilized fruit by means of a screw-press
Oil meals Palm press fibre, oil < 15% Palm press fibre is a by-product of the extraction of palm oil from oil palm fruits (Elaeis guineensis L.). This fibrous residue is obtained after the crude oil is separated from the sterilized fruit by means of a screw-press
Oil meals Palm press fibre, oil < 20%, NaOH-treated Palm press fibre is a by-product of the extraction of palm oil from oil palm fruits (Elaeis guineensis L.). This fibrous residue is obtained after the crude oil is separated from the sterilized fruit by means of a screw-press
Oil meals Palm press fibre, silage Palm press fibre is a by-product of the extraction of palm oil from oil palm fruits (Elaeis guineensis L.). This fibrous residue is obtained after the crude oil is separated from the sterilized fruit by means of a screw-press
Oil meals Palm kernel meal, oil 5-20%, crude protein < 10% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled oil palm kernels (Elaeis guineensis Jacq. or Elaeis melanococca auct.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Olive oil cake, oil > 5% Byproduct of olive (Olea europaea L.) oil manufacture, obtained by mechanical extraction. This product contains pits.
Oil meals Olive pulp, oil < 8% Byproduct of olive (Olea europaea L.) oil manufacture, obtained by mechanical extraction. Pits have been removed before or after extraction and the product usually contains less than 25% (as fed) of crude fibre.
Oil meals Olive oil cake, oil < 5% Byproduct of olive (Olea europaea L.) oil manufacture, obtained by mechanical and solvent extraction of the fruit. This product contains pits.
Oil meals Olive oil cake, oil < 5%, NaOH-treated Byproduct of olive (Olea europaea L.) oil manufacture, obtained by mechanical and solvent extraction and treated with NaOH. This product contains pits.
Oil meals Olive pulp, oil > 20% Byproduct of olive (Olea europaea L.) oil manufacture, obtained by mechanical extraction. Pits have been removed before or after extraction and the product usually contains less than 25% (as fed) of crude fibre.
Oil meals Olive pulp, huile < 8%, ash > 20% Byproduct of olive (Olea europaea L.) oil manufacture, obtained by mechanical and solvent extraction. The pits have been removed, before or after the extraction. These two samples have a very high ash content > 20% (as fed).
Oil meals Olive oil cake, fresh Fresh byproduct of olive (Olea europaea L.) oil manufacture, obtained by mechanical extraction. This product contains pits.
Oil meals Olive oil cake, oil < 5%, ammonia-treated Byproduct of olive (Olea europaea L.) oil manufacture, obtained by mechanical and solvent extraction and treated with ammonia. This product contains pits.
Oil meals Olive pulp, oil > 20%, fresh Fresh byproduct of olive (Olea europaea L.) oil manufacture, obtained by mechanical extraction. Pits have been removed before or after extraction and the product usually contains less than 25% (as fed) of crude fibre.
Oil meals Olive pulp, oil < 8%, NaOH-treated Byproduct of olive (Olea europaea L.) oil manufacture, obtained by mechanical extraction. Pits have been removed before or after extraction and the product usually contains less than 25% (as fed) of crude fibre.
Oil meals Olive skins Byproduct of olive (Olea europaea L.) oil manufacture, consisting of olive skins
Oil meals Olive pits Pits resulting from olive (Olea europaea L.) oil manufacture.
Oil meals Olive pulp, oil 8-20% Byproduct of olive (Olea europaea L.) oil manufacture, obtained by mechanical extraction. Pits have been removed before or after extraction and the product usually contains less than 25% (as fed) of crude fibre.
Oil meals Grape seeds Grape seeds (Vitis vinifera L.), distillery byproduct.
Oil meals Grape pomace, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of the pressure of grapes (Vitis vinifera L.) for juice extraction. Grape pomace contains the skins, seeds and branches whereas grape pulp does not contain seeds and branches. However, pomace, pulp and marc are often synonyms for commercial products.
Oil meals Grapeseed oil meal, dehulled and solvent-extracted Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of grape seeds (Vitis vinifera L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Grapeseed oil meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of grape seeds (Vitis vinifera L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Grape pomace, fresh Fresh byproduct of the pressure of grapes (Vitis vinifera L.) for juice extraction, from which the seeds and branches should have been removed.
Oil meals Grape pulp, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of the transformation (pressure) of grapes (Vitis vinifera L.), from which the seeds and branches should have been removed. However, pulp and marc are often synonyms for commercial products.
Oil meals Grape pomace, ensiled Ensiled byproduct of the transformation (pressure) of grapes (Vitis vinifera L.). It consists of skins, seeds, peduncles and branches.
Oil meals Grapeseed oil meal,silage Ensiled byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of grape seeds (Vitis vinifera L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Grape pulp, fresh Fresh byproduct of the transformation (pressure) of grapes (Vitis vinifera L.), from which the seeds and branches should have been removed. However, pulp and marc are often synonyms for commercial products.
Oil meals Grapeseed oil meal, oil > 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of grape seeds (Vitis vinifera L.).
Oil meals Grape pomace, dehydrated, crude fibre > 40% Dehydrated byproduct of the pressure of grapes (Vitis vinifera L.) for juice extraction. Grape pomace contains the skins, seeds and branches whereas grape pulp does not contain seeds and branches. However, pomace, pulp and marc are often synonyms for commercial products.
Oil meals Hevea (Hevea brasiliensis), oil meal, oil 5-20%, dehulled Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of hevea seeds (Hevea brasiliensis Muell.-Arg.). This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Cocoa meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of the manufacture of cocoa butter from cocoa beans (Theobroma cacao L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Hevea (Hevea brasiliensis), oil meal, oil > 20% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of hevea seeds (Hevea brasiliensis Muell.-Arg.). This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Hevea (Hevea brasiliensis), oil meal, oil 5-20%, non-dehulled Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of whole hevea seeds (Hevea brasiliensis Muell.-Arg.). This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Hevea (Hevea brasiliensis), oil meal, oil 5-20%, dehulled, fermented Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled hevea seeds (Hevea brasiliensis Muell.-Arg.). This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure only and fermented.
Oil meals Sesame meal, oil > 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of sesame seeds (Sesamum indicum L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Copra meal, oil > 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dried coconut (Cocos nucifera L.) kernels (copra). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Kapok (Ceiba pentandra), oil meal, oil > 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of kapok seeds (Ceiba pentandra (L.) Gaertn.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Perilla (Perilla frutescens), oil meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of perilla seeds (Perilla frutescens (L.) Britt.). Perilla is an herbe used in Asia as condiments and for its medicinal properties.
Oil meals Sesame meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of sesame seeds (Sesamum indicum L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Sheanut (Vitellaria paradoxa), oil meal, huile < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of sheanut seeds (Vitellaria paradoxa C. F. Gaertn.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Illipe (Madhuca longifolia), oil meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of illipe seeds (Madhuca longifolia (Koenig) Macbr.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction. The illipe is a South-Asian tropical tree grown for its fleshy seeds containing edible fat. The oil meal is rich in saponin that can eliminated by thermal thermal processing.
Oil meals Brown mustard (Brassica juncea), oil meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of brown mustard seeds (Brassica juncea Coss.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Pongam (Pongamia pinnata), oil meal, oil > 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of pongam seeds (Pongamia pinnata (L.) Pierre). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.The pongam is an Asian ornemental tree. Synonym: karanja.
Oil meals Pongam (Pongamia pinnata), oil meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of pongam seeds (Pongamia pinnata (L.) Pierre). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.The pongam is an Asian ornemental tree. Synonym: karanja.
Oil meals Pepper (Piper nigrum), oil meal, oil > 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of pepper seeds (Piper nigrum L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Vanilla (Vanilla planifolia), oil meal, oil > 5%, fresh Byproduct of essential oil manufacture obtained by extraction of the fruits of vanilla (Vanilla planifolia Andrews). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Ginger (Zingiber officinale), oil meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of essential oil manufacture obtained by extraction of ginger rhizomes (Zingiber officinale Roscoe). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Coffee oil meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of coffee seeds (Coffea arabica L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Celery (Apium graveolens), oil meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of essential oil manufacture obtained by extraction of celery seeds and stalks (Apium graveolens L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Hevea (Hevea brasiliensis), oil meal, oil 5-20%, dehulled, molasses added Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled hevea seeds (Hevea brasiliensis Muell.-Arg.). This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure only and molasses was added.
Oil meals Sal (Shorea robusta), oil meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of sal seeds (Shorea robusta Gaertn.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction. The sal is an Indian tree cultivated for timber, and that produces oil-rich seeds.
Oil meals Safflower meal, oil > 5%, non dehulled Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of whole safflower seeds (Carthamus tinctorius L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Sal (Shorea robusta), oil meal, oil > 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of sal seeds (Shorea robusta Gaertn.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only. The sal is an Indian tree cultivated for timber, and that produces oil-rich seeds.
Oil meals African oil bean meal (Pentaclethra macrophylla), dehulled, oil > 15% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled seeds of the African oil bean (Pentaclethra macrophylla Benth.), a legume tree cultivated in Africa for its edible seeds. This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Conophor (Tetracarpidium conophorum), oil meal, dehulled Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of decorticated conophor nuts (Tetracarpidium conophorum Hutch). The conophor is an Africa plant (Nigeria) grown for its oil-rich fruit.
Oil meals Niger (Guizotia abyssinica), oil meal, oil > 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of niger seeds (Guizotia abyssinica (L.f.) Cass.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only. The niger is an African plant grown for its oil-rich seeds, also used as feed for pet birds. Synonyms: guizotia, nouk, noug.
Oil meals Andiroba (Carapa procera), oil meal, oil > 10% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of andiroba seeds (Carapa procera C. DC.).. This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only. The andiroba is a South American tree exploited for timber. Synonym: crabwood, monkey cola.
Oil meals Mango (Mangifera indica), oil meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by full extraction of mango kernels (Mangifera indica L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Mowra (Madhuca indica), oil meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of mowra seeds (Madhuca indica J.F. Gmel.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction. The mowra is an Asian tree grown for its oil-rich seeds. Untreated oil meals contain a toxic saponin.
Oil meals Neem (Azadirachta indica), oil meal, undetermined extraction process Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by solvent extraction of margosa seeds (Azadirachta indica A. Juss.). Margosa is an Asian tree with edible fruit and leaves. Other name : neem tree.
Oil meals Rocketseed (Eruca sativa, oil meal Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of rocketseed seeds (Eruca sativa L.). The rocketseed is a Mediterranean plant cultivated in India for its oil (jamba oil) used for lighting or lubrication..
Oil meals Field mustard (Brassica rapa ssp. oleifera), oil meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of field mustard seeds (Brassica rapa L. ssp. oleifera Metzger.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Walnut (Juglans regia) oil meal, oil 15-30%, crude fibre < 20% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of walnut kernels (Juglans regia L.). This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Poppy (Papaver somniferum), oil meal, oil > 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of poppy seeds (Papaver somniferum L.). This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Cocoa meal with hulls Byproduct of the extraction of cocoa butter obtained by full extraction of cocoa beans (Theobroma cacao L.), also containing part of the hulls.
Oil meals Walnut (Juglans regia), oil meal, oil < 15%, rice hulls added Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of walnut kernels (Juglans regia L.). This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure only and rice hulls were added.
Oil meals Almond (Prunus dulcis), oil meal, oil > 5%, rice hulls added Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of almond kernels (Prunus dulcis (Mill.) D. A. Webb). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only, with addition of rice hulls.
Oil meals Field mustard (Brassica rapa ssp. oleifera), oil meal, oil > 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of field mustard seeds (Brassica rapa L. ssp. oleifera Metzger.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Safflower meal, oil < 5%, non-dehulled Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of whole safflower seeds (Carthamus tinctorius L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Babassu (Attalea speciosa), oil meal, partially dehulled Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of partially decorticated babassu fruit (Attalea speciosa Mart. ex Spreng.).
Oil meals Babassu (Attalea speciosa), oil meal, dehulled Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of decorticated babassu fruit (Attalea speciosa Mart. ex Spreng.).
Oil meals Babassu (Attalea speciosa), oil meal, protein < 15% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by solvent extraction of partially decorticated babassu fruit (Attalea speciosa Mart. ex Spreng.).
Oil meals Jojoba (Simmondsia chinensis), oil meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of jojoba seeds (Simmondsia chinensis L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Kapok (Ceiba pentandra), oil meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of kapok seeds (Ceiba pentandra (L.) Gaertn.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Cocoa meal, oil 5-20% Byproduct of the manufacture of cocoa butter from cocoa beans (Theobroma cacao L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Baobab (Adansonia grandidieri), oil meal Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of baobab seeds (Adansonia grandidieri Perrier).
Oil meals Avocado (Persea americana), oil meal, fresh Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of avocado kernels (Persea americana Mill.).
Oil meals Avocado (Persea americana), oil meal Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of avocado seeds (Persea americana Mill.). Product from Cameroon.
Oil meals Sheanut (Vitellaria paradoxa), oil meal, huile > 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of sheanut seeds (Vitellaria paradoxa C. F. Gaertn.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Mustard oil meal, oil > 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of mustard seeds (Brassica spp.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Niger (Guizotia abyssinica), oil meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of niger seeds (Guizotia abyssinica (L.f.) Cass.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction. The niger is an African plant grown for its oil-rich seeds, also used as feed for pet birds. Synonyms: guizotia, nouk, noug.
Oil meals Watermelon (Citrullus lanatus), oil meal Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of watermelon seeds (Citrullus lanatus (Thunb.) Matsun & Nakai).
Oil meals Roselle (Hibiscus sabdariffa), oil meal, oil > 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of roselle seeds (Hibiscus sabdariffa L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only. The roselle is a tropical plant (Thailand, India, Jamaica) cultivated for its edible fruit. The seeds are used to feed animals but are poorly palatable due to their acidity.
Oil meals Kenaf (Hibiscus cannabinus), oil meal, oil > 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of kenaf seeds (Hibiscus cannabinus L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only. Synonyms: ambari, mesta, roselle, jamaica sorrel, chanvre indien.
Oil meals Kenaf (Hibiscus cannabinus), oil meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of kenaf seeds (Hibiscus cannabinus L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction. Synonyms: ambari, mesta, roselle, jamaica sorrel, chanvre indien.
Oil meals Sesame and cotton meal Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by solvent extraction of sesame and cotton seeds (Sesamum indicum L. and Gossypium spp.). This product was sold in France in the 1990s.
Oil meals Safflower meal, oil < 5%, dehulled Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled safflower seeds (Carthamus tinctorius L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Walnut (Juglans regia), oil meal, oil < 15%, crude fibre > 20% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of walnut kernels (Juglans regia L.). This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Fenugreek (Trigonella foenum-graecum), oil meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of fenugreek seeds (Trigonella foenum-graecum L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Tobacco meal, oil > 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of tobacco seeds (Nicotinia tabacum L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals African oil bean (Pentaclethra macrophylla), oil meal, dehulled, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled seeds of the African oil bean (Pentaclethra macrophylla Benth.), a legume tree cultivated in Africa for its edible seeds. This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Crambe (Crambe abyssinica), oil meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of crambe seeds (Crambe abyssinica Hochst). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Crambe (Crambe abyssinica), oil meal, oil > 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of crambe seeds (Crambe abyssinica Hochst). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure seule.
Oil meals Crambe (Crambe abyssinica), oil meal, oil < 5%, toasted Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of crambe seeds (Crambe abyssinica Hochst). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only, and treated by toasting.
Oil meals Vernola (Euphorbia lagascae), oil meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of vernola seeds (Euphorbia lagascae Spreng.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction. This oil is rich in vernolic acid (acid delta 12,13-epoxy, 9c-octadecenoic) and used in paints and coating and as stabilizer for polymers.
Oil meals Meadowfoam (Limnanthes alba), oil meal, oil > 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of meadowfoam seeds (Limnanthes alba Hartw. ex Benth.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only. The meadowfoam gives a C20 and C22-rich oil used in cosmetics.
Oil meals Dimorphoteca (Dimorphoteca pluvialis), oil meal Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dimorphoteca seeds (Dimorphoteca pluvialis), an oilseed rich in dimorphecolic acid (lubrication, coating).
Oil meals Pumpkin (Cucurbita pepo), oil meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by pression and solvent extraction of pumpkin seeds (Cucurbita pepo L.).
Oil meals Camelina (Camelina sativa), oil meal, oil > 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of camelina seeds (Camelina sativa Crantz). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Salicornia (Salicornia bigelovii), oil meal, oil > 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of salicornia seeds (Salicornia bigelovii Torr). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only. The salicornia is an oleagineous salt-marsh plant. The oil is rich in polyinsaturated fatty acids, particularly in linoleic acid (73-75%). Synonym: glasswort.
Oil meals Borage (Borago officinalis), oil meal, oil > 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of borage seeds (Borago officinalis L.).
Oil meals Walnut (Juglans regia), oil meal, oil < 15%, crude fibre < 20%, organic Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of walnut kernels (Juglans regia L.) obtained by organic farming. This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Squash (Cucurbita spp.), oil meal, oil > 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of squash seeds (Cucurbita spp.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Sesame meal, oil 5-20%, organic Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of sesame seeds (Sesamum indicum L.) obtained by organic farming. This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Hemp (Cannabis sativa), oil meal, oil > 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by mechanical extraction of hemp seeds (Cannabis sativa L.).
Oil meals Hazelnut oilmeal, oil > 20%, crude fibre < 20% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of hazelnuts (Corylus avellana L.). This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Hemp (Cannabis sativa), oil meal, oil > 5%, organic Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by mechanical extraction of hemp seeds (Cannabis sativa L.) produced by organic farming.
Oil meals Safflower meal, oil > 5%, non dehulled, organic Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of whole safflower seeds (Carthamus tinctorius L.) obtained by organic farming. This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Squash (Cucurbita spp.), oil meal, oil > 5%, organic Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of squash seeds (Cucurbita spp.) obtained by organic farming. This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Poppy offal Unspecified byproduct of poppy processing (Papaver somniferum L.).
Oil meals Anise (Pimpinella anisum), oil meal, oil > 20% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of anise seeds (Pimpinella anisum L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Hazelnut oilmeal, oil 5-20%, crude fibre > 20% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of hazelnuts (Corylus avellana L.). This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Jatropha (Jatropha curcas), oil meal, oil < 5%, dehulled, detoxified Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled jatropha seeds (kernels) (Jatropha curcas L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction, and then detoxified.
Oil meals Jatropha (Jatropha curcas), oil meal, oil > 5%, dehulled, detoxified Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled jatropha seeds (kernels) (Jatropha curcas L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only, and then detoxified.
Oil meals Walnut (Juglans regia), oil meal, oil > 30%, crude fibre < 20% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of walnut kernels (Juglans regia L.). This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Argan (Argania spinosa), oil meal, oil > 5%, crude fibre < 10% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of argan seeds (Argania spinosa (L.) Skeels). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Castor (Ricinus communis), oil meal, not detoxified, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of castor seeds (Ricinus communis L.), not detoxified
Oil meals Camelina (Camelina sativa), oil meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of camelina seeds (Camelina sativa Crantz). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Camelina (Camelina sativa), oil meal, oil > 5%, organic Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of camelina seeds (Camelina sativa Crantz) obtained by organic farming. This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Almond (Prunus dulcis), oil meal, oil > 5%, organic Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of almond kernels (Prunus dulcis (Mill.) D. A. Webb) produced by organic farming. This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Hazelnut oilmeal, oil 5-20%, crude fibre < 20%, organic Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of hazelnuts (Corylus avellana L.) obtained by organic farming. This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Poppy (Papaver somniferum), oil meal, oil > 5%, organic Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of poppy seeds (Papaver somniferum L.) obtained by organic farming. This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Walnut (Juglans regia), oil meal, oil > 30%, crude fibre < 20%, organic Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of walnut kernels (Juglans regia L.) obtained by organic farming. This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Hazelnut oilmeal, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of hazelnuts (Corylus avellana L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Hazelnut oilmeal, oil 5-20%, crude fibre < 20% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of hazelnuts (Corylus avellana L.). This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Walnut (Juglans regia), oil meal, oil < 15%, crude fibre < 20% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of walnut kernels (Juglans regia L.). This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Jatropha (Jatropha curcas), oil meal, oil < 5%, non-dehulled, detoxified Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of whole jatropha seeds (kernels) (Jatropha curcas L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction, and then detoxified
Oil meals Jatropha (Jatropha curcas), oil meal, oil < 5%, dehulled, non-detoxified Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled jatropha seeds (kernels) (Jatropha curcas L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction, but not detoxified.
Oil meals Jatropha (Jatropha curcas), oil meal, oil > 5%, dehulled, non-detoxified Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled jatropha seeds (kernels) (Jatropha curcas L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only, but not detoxified.
Oil meals Jatropha (Jatropha platyphylla), oil meal, oil < 5%, dehulled Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled jatropha seeds (kernels) (Jatropha platyphylla Mull. Arg.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Jatropha (Jatropha curcas), oil meal, oil < 5%, non-dehulled, non-detoxified Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of whole jatropha seeds (Jatropha curcas L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction, but not detoxified.
Oil meals Jatropha (Jatropha curcas), oil meal, oil < 5%, non-dehulled, fermented Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of whole jatropha seeds (Jatropha curcas L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction, and then fermented.
Oil meals Jatropha (Jatropha curcas), oil meal, oil > 5%, non-dehulled, non-detoxified Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of whole jatropha seeds (Jatropha curcas L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only, but not detoxified.
Oil meals Luffa (Luffa aegyptiaca), oil meal Luffa (Luffa aegyptiaca Mill.), oil meal
Oil meals Baobab (Adansonia digitata), oil meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of baobab seeds (Adansonia digitata L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Moringa (Moringa oleifera), oil meal, oil > 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of moringa seeds (Moringa oleifera Lam.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure onlt.
Oil meals Moringa (Moringa oleifera), oil meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of moringa seeds (Moringa oleifera Lam.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Jojoba (Simmondsia chinensis), oil meal, oil > 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of jojoba seeds (Simmondsia chinensis L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Neem (Azadirachta indica), oil meal, oil > 5%, dehulled Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled neem seeds (Azadirachta indica A. Juss.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Neem (Azadirachta indica), oil meal, oil > 5%, dehulled, urea-treated Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled neem seeds (Azadirachta indica A. Juss.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only, and treated with urea.
Oil meals Neem (Azadirachta indica), oil meal, oil > 5%, dehulled, NaOH-treated Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled neem seeds (Azadirachta indica A. Juss.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only, and treated with alkali (NaOH).
Oil meals Neem (Azadirachta indica), oil meal, oil < 5%, dehulled, urea-treated, ammoniated Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled neem seeds (Azadirachta indica A. Juss.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction, then treated with urea and ammonia.
Oil meals Neem (Azadirachta indica), oil meal, oil > 5%, dehulled, water-washed Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled neem seeds (Azadirachta indica A. Juss.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only, and washed with water.
Oil meals Neem (Azadirachta indica), oil meal, oil < 5%, dehulled Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled neem seeds (Azadirachta indica A. Juss.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Neem (Azadirachta indica), oil meal, oil < 5%, non-dehulled Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of whole neem seeds (Azadirachta indica A. Juss.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction.
Oil meals Neem (Azadirachta indica), oil meal, oil > 5%, non-dehulled Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of whole neem seeds (Azadirachta indica A. Juss.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Jatropha (Jatropha curcas), oil meal, oil > 5%, non dehulled, detoxified Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of whole jatropha seeds (Jatropha curcas L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only, and then detoxified.
Oil meals Jatropha (Jatropha curcas), oil meal, oil < 5%, partially dehulled, detoxified Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of partially dehulled jatropha seeds (Jatropha curcas L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure followed by solvent extraction, and then detoxified.
Oil meals Jatropha (Jatropha curcas), oil meal, oil > 5%, partially dehulled, detoxified Coproduit d'huilerie obtenu par extraction de l'huile de graines partiellement décortiquées de jatropha (Jatropha curcas L.). Ce produit a été déshuilé, en principe par pression mécanique seule, puis détoxifié.
Oil meals Tomato seed cake By-product of the oil extraction from tomato seeds (Solanum lycopersicum Karst.).
Oil meals Cassava (Manihot esculenta), oil meal Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of cassava (Manihot esculenta Crantz) seeds
Oil meals Sunn hemp (Crotalaria juncea), oil meal Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of sunn hemp (Crotalaria juncea L.)
Oil meals Illipe (Madhuca longifolia), oil meal, oil > 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of illipe seeds (Madhuca longifolia (Koenig) Macbr.).
Oil meals Okra (Abelmoschus esculentus), oil meal Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of okra seeds (Abelmoschus esculentus (L.) Moench)
Oil meals Safflower meal, oil > 5%, dehulled Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dehulled safflower seeds (Carthamus tinctorius L.).
Oil meals Annona (Annona spp.), oil meal, oil > 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of oil from annona fruit (Annona spp.)
Oil meals Argan (Argania spinosa), oil meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by solvent extraction of argan nuts (Argania spinosa (L.) Skeels).
Oil meals Argan (Argania spinosa), oil meal, oil > 5%, crude fibre > 10% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of argan seeds (Argania spinosa (L.) Skeels). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Annona (Annona spp.), kernel Annona (Annona spp.) kernel
Oil meals Tobacco (Nicotiana tabacum), oil meal Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of tobacco (Nicotiana tabacum L.)
Oil meals Citrus (Citrus spp.), oil meal Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of citrus seeds (Citrus spp.)
Oil meals Tung (Vernicia fordii), oil meal Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of tung (Vernicia fordii (Hemsl.) Airy Shaw)
Oil meals Almond (Prunus dulcis), oil meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of almond kernels (Prunus dulcis (Mill.) D. A. Webb).
Oil meals Cashew (Anacardium occidentale), oil meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of cashew nut (Anacardium occidentale L.)
Oil meals Corozo (Attalea cohune), oil meal Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of corozo (Attalea cohune Mart.)
Oil meals Dragon's head (Lallemantia iberica), oil meal, non dehulled Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dragon's head (Lallemantia iberica (M.Bieb.) Fisch. & C.A.Mey.)
Oil meals Dragon's head (Lallemantia iberica), oil meal, dehulled Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of dragon's head (Lallemantia iberica (M.Bieb.) Fisch. & C.A.Mey.)
Oil meals Hemp (Cannabis sativa), oil meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction and solvent extraction of hemp seeds (Cannabis sativa L.).
Oil meals Kusum (Schleichera oleosa), oil meal Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of kusum (Schleichera oleosa (Lour.) Merr.)
Oil meals Mustard oil meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of mustard seeds (Brassica spp.).
Oil meals Poppy (Papaver somniferum), oil meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of poppy seeds (Papaver somniferum L.). This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Sal (Shorea robusta), oil meal, oil < 5%, fermented Fermented byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of sal seeds (Shorea robusta Gaertn.)
Oil meals Sheanut (Vitellaria paradoxa), oil meal, huile 5-20%, fermented Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of sheanut seeds (Vitellaria paradoxa C. F. Gaertn.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Sheanut (Vitellaria paradoxa), oil meal, huile > 20% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of sheanut seeds (Vitellaria paradoxa C. F. Gaertn.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Borage (Borago officinalis), oil meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of borage seeds (Borago officinalis L.).
Oil meals Sesame meal, oil > 20%, organic Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of sesame seeds (Sesamum indicum L.) obtained by organic farming. This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Hemp (Cannabis sativa), oil meal, oil > 5%, protein > 40% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by mechanical extraction of hemp seeds (Cannabis sativa L.) produced by organic farming.
Oil meals Almond (Prunus dulcis), oil meal, oil > 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of almond kernels (Prunus dulcis (Mill.) D. A. Webb). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Macadamia nut (Macadamia integrifolia), oil meal Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of macadamia nuts (Macadamia integrifolia Maiden & Betche).
Oil meals Pistachio (Prunus dulcis), oil meal Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of Pistachio seeds (Pistacia vera L.).
Oil meals Cashew (Anacardium occidentale), oil meal, oil > 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of cashew nut (Anacardium occidentale L.)
Oil meals Coconut milk extraction byproduct Byproduct of the extraction of coconut milk (Cocos nucifera L.) kernels (copra).
Oil meals Mustard oil meal, protein > 35%, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of mustard seeds (Brassica spp.).
Oil meals Pumpkin (Cucurbita pepo), oil meal, oil > 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by pression and solvent extraction of pumpkin seeds (Cucurbita pepo L.).
Oil meals Annona (Annona spp.), oil meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of oil from annona fruit (Annona spp.)
Oil meals Macauba (Acrocomia aculeata), oil meal Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of macauba (Acrocomia aculeata (Jacq.) Lodd. et al. ex Mart.)
Oil meals Cocoa by-product Byproduct of the manufacture of chocolate butter from cocoa beans (Theobroma cacao L.). It includes cocoa beans, chocolate and other offal.
Oil meals Castor (Ricinus communis), oil meal, detoxified, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of castor seeds (Ricinus communis L.), detoxified
Oil meals Castor (Ricinus communis), oil meal, detoxified, oil > 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of castor seeds (Ricinus communis L.), detoxified
Oil meals Castor (Ricinus communis), oil meal, not detoxified, oil > 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of castor seeds (Ricinus communis L.), not detoxified
Oil meals Sacha inchi (Plukenetia volubilis), oil meal Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of sacha inchi (Plukenetia volubilis L.)
Oil meals Marula (Sclerocarya birrea), oil meal, oil > 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of marula (Sclerocarya birrea (A. Rich.) Hochst.)
Oil meals Baobab (Adansonia digitata), oil meal, oil > 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of baobab seeds (Adansonia digitata L.). This product was deoiled by mechanical pressure.
Oil meals !nara (Acanthosicyos horridus), oil meal, oil > 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of !nara (Acanthosicyos horridus Welw. ex Benth. & Hook. f.)
Oil meals Manketti (Schinziophyton rautanenii), oil meal, oil > 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of manketti (Schinziophyton rautanenii (Schinz) Radcl.-Sm.)
Oil meals Passion fruit (Passiflora edulis), oil meal Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of passion fruit (Passiflora edulis Sims)
Oil meals Borneo tallow nut (Shorea stenoptera), oil meal, oil < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of Borneo tallow nut (Shorea stenoptera Burck)
Oil meals Colocynth (Citrullus colocynthis), oil meal, oil < 10% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of colocynth (Citrullus colocynthis (L.) Schrader)
Oil meals Macadamia nut (Macadamia integrifolia), oil meal, oil > 25% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of macadamia nuts (Macadamia integrifolia Maiden & Betche).
Oil meals Macadamia nut (Macadamia integrifolia), oil meal, crude fibre < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of macadamia nuts (Macadamia integrifolia Maiden & Betche).
Oil meals Macadamia nut (Macadamia integrifolia), oil meal, crude protein < 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of macadamia nuts (Macadamia integrifolia Maiden & Betche).
Oil meals Licuri (Syagrus coronata), oil meal Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of licuri (Syagrus coronata (Mart.) Becc.)
Oil meals Pomegranate (Punica granatum), oil meal Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of pomegranate (Punica granatum L.)
Oil meals Cocoa meal, oil >20% Byproduct of the manufacture of cocoa butter from cocoa beans (Theobroma cacao L.). This product was deoiled, probably by mechanical pressure only.
Oil meals Nigella (Nigella sativa), oil meal Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of nigella (Nigella sativa L.)
Oil meals Perilla (Perilla frutescens), oil meal, oil > 5% Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of perilla seeds (Perilla frutescens (L.) Britt.). Perilla is an herbe used in Asia as condiments and for its medicinal properties.
Oil meals Squash (Cucurbita spp.), seed, dehulled Squash seeds (Cucurbita spp.), dehulled.
Oil meals Ethiopian mustard (Brassica carinata), oil meal Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of ethiopian mustard (Brassica carinata A. Braun)
Oil meals Coriander (Coriandrum sativum), oil meal Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of coriander (Coriandrum sativum L.). Synonym: cilantro
Oil meals Milk thistle (Silybum marianum), oil meal Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of milk thistle (Silybum marianum (L.) Gaertn.)
Oil meals Apple (Malus communis), seed oil meal Byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of the seeds of apple (Malus communis Poir.)
Legume and oil seeds Pea, garden, smooth Smooth garden pea seed (Pisum sativum L.).
Legume and oil seeds Pea Pea seed (Pisum sativum L.). The default pea is the smooth, proteaginous pea.
Legume and oil seeds Pea, fodder type Fodder type pea seed (Pisum sativum L.). Fodder type pea seeds have a higher tannin content than proteagineous seed. In France, fodder peas are grown as fodder for ruminants (Grosjean, 1989).
Legume and oil seeds Pea, wrinkled, garden Wrinkled garden pea seed (Pisum sativum L.).
Legume and oil seeds Pea, smooth, wild varieties Smooth pea seed (Pisum spp.), from exotic, wild varieties including Pisum sativum and other species : P. thebiacum, P. jomardii, P. elatius, P. tibetanicum, P. humile, P. abyssinicum.
Legume and oil seeds Pea, smooth, exotic domesticated varieties, high-tannin Smooth pea seed (Pisum spp.), high-tannin, from exotic domesticated varieties, including Pisum sativum and other species : P. humile, P. transcaucasicum, P. hibernicus, P. abyssinicum.
Legume and oil seeds Pea, smooth, exotic domesticated varieties, low-tannin Smooth pea seed (Pisum spp.), low-tannin, from exotic domesticated varieties.
Legume and oil seeds Pea, feed type, smooth, winter, before 1991 Smooth winter pea seed (Pisum sativum L.) of feed type varieties, grown before 1991. These varieties had a high antitrypsic activity.
Legume and oil seeds Pea, extruded Extruded pea seed (Pisum sativum L.).
Legume and oil seeds Pea, dehulled Dehulled pea seed (Pisum sativum L.).
Legume and oil seeds Pea, flaked Flaked pea seed (Pisum sativum L.).
Legume and oil seeds Pea, dehulled and extruded Extruded, dehulled pea seed (Pisum sativum L.).
Legume and oil seeds Pea, split Dried garden pea (Pisum sativum L.), split in two and normally used for food.
Legume and oil seeds Pea, marrowfat, starch < 45% Smooth pea seed (Pisum sativum L.), with flat seeds, of the Marrowfat type. This low-starch variety (<45%DM) is grown for food, particularly in the United Kingdom.
Legume and oil seeds Pea, autoclaved Autoclaved pea seed (Pisum sativum L.).
Legume and oil seeds Pea, Australia Pea seeds (Pisum sativum L.) from Australia.
Legume and oil seeds Pea, Canada Pea seeds (Pisum sativum L.) from Canada.
Legume and oil seeds Pea, organic Pea seed (Pisum sativum L.) produced by organic farming.
Legume and oil seeds Pea, toasted Pea seed (Pisum sativum L.), toasted.
Legume and oil seeds Pea, fodder type, organic Fodder type pea seed (Pisum sativum L.) produced by organic farming.
Legume and oil seeds Pea, broken Byproduct of the transformation of pea seeds (Pisum sativum L.), for instance from the split pea manufacture. This product consists in small broken seed fragments.
Legume and oil seeds Pea, broken, with hulls Byproduct of the transformation of pea seeds (Pisum sativum L.), for instance from the split pea manufacture. This product consists in small broken seed fragments with hulls.
Legume and oil seeds Pea, garden Smooth garden pea seed (Pisum sativum L.).
Legume and oil seeds Pea seed, sprouted Pea seed, sprouted (Pisum sativum L.)
Legume and oil seeds Pea, expanded Pea (Pisum sativum L.) seed, expanded
Legume and oil seeds Pea, fodder type, white-flowered, organic Fodder type pea seed (Pisum sativum L.) of white-flowered, low-tannin variety, produced by organic farming.
Legume and oil seeds Pea flour Industrial product prepared from ground pea (Pisum sativum L.) seeds
Legume and oil seeds Pea, heated Pea seed (Pisum sativum L.), thermically treated.
Legume and oil seeds Pea, starch < 35% Pea seed (Pisum sativum L.), with a starch content lower than 35%
Legume and oil seeds Faba bean, white flowers Faba bean seed (Vicia faba L. minor and equina) of white-flowered, low-tannin varieties (<0.1%DM).
Legume and oil seeds Faba bean Faba bean seed or small-seeded types (Vicia faba L. minor and equina) .
Legume and oil seeds Faba bean, dehulled Decorticated faba bean seed (Vicia faba L.). Crude fibre should be lower than 5% DM.
Legume and oil seeds Faba bean, coloured flowers Faba bean seed (Vicia faba L.) of coloured-flower, high-tannin varieties (>0.1%DM).
Legume and oil seeds Faba bean, broken Broken seeds of faba bean (Vicia faba L.).
Legume and oil seeds Faba bean, spring, low-glucosides Faba bean seed (Vicia faba L.) of spring and low-glucosides (vicine and convicine) varieties.
Legume and oil seeds Faba bean, extruded Extruded faba bean seed (Vicia faba L.).
Legume and oil seeds Faba bean, autoclaved Faba bean seed (Vicia faba L.), autoclaved.
Legume and oil seeds Faba bean, heated Faba bean seed (Vicia faba L.), heated (unspecified process).
Legume and oil seeds Faba bean, organic Faba bean seed (Vicia faba L.), produced by organic farming.
Legume and oil seeds Faba bean, white flowers, dehulled Decorticated faba bean seed (Vicia faba L.) of a white-flowered variety.
Legume and oil seeds Faba bean, coloured flowers, dehulled Decorticated faba bean seed (Vicia faba L.) of a coloured-flowered variety.
Legume and oil seeds Faba bean, flaked Flaked faba bean seed (Vicia faba L.).
Legume and oil seeds Faba bean, white-flowered, organic Faba bean seed (Vicia faba L.), produced by organic farming.
Legume and oil seeds Faba bean, coloured-flowered, organic Faba bean seed (Vicia faba L.), produced by organic farming.
Legume and oil seeds Lentils, broken Broken lentil seeds (Lens culinaris L.).
Legume and oil seeds Faba bean, dehulled, toasted Decorticated and toasted faba bean seed (Vicia faba L.). Crude fibre should be lower than 5% DM.
Legume and oil seeds Faba bean, toasted Toasted faba bean seed (Vicia faba L.).
Legume and oil seeds Faba bean, treated with xylose Faba bean seed (Vicia faba L.), treated with xylose
Legume and oil seeds Faba bean, laminated Faba bean seed (Vicia faba L.), laminated.
Legume and oil seeds Faba bean, dehulled, extruded Extruded and dehulled faba bean seed (Vicia faba L.).
Legume and oil seeds Faba bean, rumen-protected Faba bean seed (Vicia faba L.), rumen-protected
Legume and oil seeds Blue lupin (Lupinus angustifolius), seed Seed of blue lupin (Lupinus angustifolius L.). This is also the main Australian lupin species. Blue lupin seeds have a higher crude fibre content (16% vs 13%DM) and a lower fat content (6% vs 10%DM) than the white lupin seeds.
Legume and oil seeds White lupin (Lupinus albus), seed, ensiled with propionic acid Lupin, white, seed (Lupinus albus L.), ensiled with propionic acid.
Legume and oil seeds Lupin, seed, species unknown Seed of lupin (Lupinus spp.).
Legume and oil seeds White lupin (Lupinus albus), seed Seed of white lupin (Lupinus albus L.).
Legume and oil seeds Blue lupin (Lupinus angustifolius), seed, dehulled Seed of blue lupin (Lupinus angustifolius L.), decorticated.
Legume and oil seeds Yellow lupin (Lupinus luteus), seed Seed of yellow lupin (Lupinus luteus L.).
Legume and oil seeds White lupin (Lupinus albus), seed, dehulled Seed of white lupin (Lupinus albus L.), decorticated.
Legume and oil seeds White lupin (Lupinus albus), seed, extruded Seed of white lupin (Lupinus albus L.), extruded.
Legume and oil seeds White lupin (Lupinus albus), seed, bitter type Seed of white, bitter lupin (Lupinus albus L.).
Legume and oil seeds Changing lupin (Lupinus mutabilis), seed Seed of changing lupin (Lupinus mutabilis Sweet).
Legume and oil seeds White lupin (Lupinus albus), seed, toasted Seed of white lupin (Lupinus albus L.), toasted.
Legume and oil seeds Lupin, seed, flaked Seed of lupin (Lupinus spp.), flaked.
Legume and oil seeds Lupin, broken Broken seeds of lupin (Lupinus spp.)
Legume and oil seeds White lupin (Lupinus albus), seed, organic Seed of white lupin (Lupinus albus L.) produced by organic farming.
Legume and oil seeds Lupin, laminated Lupin seed (Lupinus spp.), laminated.
Legume and oil seeds Yellow lupin (Lupinus luteus), seed, extruded Extruded seed of yellow lupin (Lupinus luteus L.).
Legume and oil seeds Blue lupin (Lupinus angustifolius), seed, organic Seed of blue lupin (Lupinus angustifolius L.) produced by organic farming
Legume and oil seeds Yellow lupin (Lupinus luteus), seed, organic Seed of yellow lupin (Lupinus luteus L.) produced by organic farming
Legume and oil seeds Blue lupin (Lupinus angustifolius), humid, 70% dry matter Seed of blue lupin (Lupinus angustifolius L.), harvested at 70% DM
Legume and oil seeds Blue lupin (Lupinus angustifolius), seed, silage Seed of blue lupin (Lupinus angustifolius L.), ensiled
Legume and oil seeds Blue lupin (Lupinus angustifolius), heated Seed of blue lupin (Lupinus angustifolius L.), thermically treated
Legume and oil seeds Blue lupin (Lupinus angustifolius), autoclaved Seed of blue lupin (Lupinus angustifolius L.), autoclaved
Legume and oil seeds Soybean seed Soybean seed (Glycine max (L.) Merr.). This is the generic soybean seed : it may be raw or the treatment was not specified.
Legume and oil seeds Soybean seed, jet-sploded Soybean seed, jet-sploded (Glycine max (L.) Merr.).
Legume and oil seeds Soybean seed, toasted Soybean seed, toasted (Glycine max (L.) Merr.).
Legume and oil seeds Soybean seed, toasted, pelleted Soybean seed, toasted, pelleted (Glycine max (L.) Merr.).
Legume and oil seeds Soybean seed, microwave-treated Soybean seed, microwave-treated (Glycine max (L.) Merr.).
Legume and oil seeds Soybean seed, extruded Soybean seed, extruded (Glycine max (L.) Merr.).
Legume and oil seeds Soybean seed, infra-red heated Soybean seed, (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) micronised by infra-red heating during 40-90 s.
Legume and oil seeds Soybean seed, dehulled Soybean seed, decorticated (Glycine max (L.) Merr.).
Legume and oil seeds Soybean seed, flaked Soybean seed, flaked (Glycine max (L.) Merr.).
Legume and oil seeds Soybean seed, jet-sploded and flaked Soybean seed, jet-sploded and flaked (Glycine max (L.) Merr.).
Legume and oil seeds Soybean seed, dehulled, toasted Soybean seed, decorticated and toasted (Glycine max (L.) Merr.).
Legume and oil seeds Soybean seed, low-linoleic Soybean seed (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) with a low content of acid linoleic (20% of fatty acids vs 52% in regular soybean). This is a Nigerian product.
Legume and oil seeds Mixture of cereal grains and soybean seed and cereal grains, flaked Flaked mixture of soybeans and unknown cereal.
Legume and oil seeds Soybean seed, expanded Soybean seed, expanded (Glycine max (L.) Merr.).
Legume and oil seeds Mixture of soybean seed and cereal grain, extruded Soybean seed and cereal grain, extruded (Glycine max (L.) Merr.).
Legume and oil seeds Soybean seed, dehulled, extruded Soybean seed, decorticated and extruded (Glycine max (L.) Merr.).
Legume and oil seeds Mixture of wheat and soybean, extruded Mixture of 90% wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) and 10% soybean (Glycine max (L.) Merr.).
Legume and oil seeds Mixture of wheat and soybean, 80/20, extruded Mixture of 80% wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) and 20% soybean (Glycine max (L.) Merr.).
Legume and oil seeds Soybean seed, organic Soybean seed, produced by organic farming (Glycine max (L.) Merr.).
Legume and oil seeds Soybean seed, extruded, organic Soybean seed, extruded (Glycine max (L.) Merr.), produced by organic farming.
Legume and oil seeds Mixture of wheat and soybean, expanded Expanded mixture of wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) and soybean (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) in unknown proportions.
Legume and oil seeds Mixture of cereals and soybean, 70/30 Mixture of 70% cereals and 30% soybean (Glycine Max (L.) Merr.).
Legume and oil seeds Mixture of barley and soybean, 75/25 Mixture of 75% barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) and 25% soybean (Glycine Max (L.) Merr.).
Legume and oil seeds Soybean seed, toasted, organic Soybean seed, toasted (Glycine max (L.) Merr.), produced by organic farming.
Legume and oil seeds Soybean seed, toasted, flaked and expanded, Danex Soybean seed (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) processed by mild toasting, flaking, expanding and pelleting. Danex is a brand name of Danis (Belgium).
Legume and oil seeds Soybean seed, non-GMO Soybean seed (Glycine max (L.) Merr.), non-GMO. This is the generic soybean seed : it may be raw or the treatment was not specified.
Legume and oil seeds Soybean seed, autoclaved Soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.), autoclaved.
Legume and oil seeds Mixture of wheat and soybean 70/30, extruded Mixture of 70% wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) and 30% soybean (Glycine max (L.) Merr.).
Legume and oil seeds Soybean seed, extruded, non-GMO Extruded soybean seed (Glycine max (L.) Merr.), non-GMO.
Legume and oil seeds Soybean seed, dehulled, flaked Soybean seed, decorticated and flaked (Glycine max (L.) Merr.).
Legume and oil seeds Soybean seed, SoyPreme Soybean seed (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) processed by an hydro-thermo-mechanical treatment catalysed by lignosulfonate. SoyPreme is a brand name of Danis (Belgium).
Legume and oil seeds Soybean seed, micronized (grinding) Soybean seed, (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) ground very finely.
Legume and oil seeds Soybean seed, raw Soybean seed (Glycine max (L.) Merr.), untreated
Legume and oil seeds Soybean seed, steamed Soybean seed, steamed (Glycine max (L.) Merr.).
Legume and oil seeds Soybean seed, expanded and micronised Soybean seed (Glycine max (L.) Merr.), expanded and micronised.
Legume and oil seeds Soybean seed, moist Soybean seed (Glycine max (L.) Merr.).
Legume and oil seeds Soybean seed, low-oligosaccharides, heated Soybean seed (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) with a low content in oligosaccharides, heated
Legume and oil seeds Soybean seed, low-oligosaccharides, raw Soybean seed (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) with a low content in oligosaccharides, raw
Legume and oil seeds Soybean seed, heated (unspecified) Soybean seed (Glycine max (L.) Merr.), heated by an unspecified process
Legume and oil seeds Sunflower seed Sunflower seed (Helianthus annuus L.).
Legume and oil seeds Sunflower seed, dehulled Sunflower seed, decorticated (Helianthus annuus L.).
Legume and oil seeds Sunflower seed, oil < 20% Sunflower seed (Helianthus annuus L.) of varieties with a low oil content < 20% (as fed).
Legume and oil seeds Sunflower seed, organic Sunflower seed (Helianthus annuus L.), produced by organic farming.
Legume and oil seeds Sunflower seed, oleic varieties Sunflower seed (Helianthus annuus L.) from varieties rich in oleic acid (C18:1 80-92%)
Legume and oil seeds Sunflower seed, toasted Sunflower seed (Helianthus annuus L.), toasted
Legume and oil seeds Sunflower seed, micronized (grinding) Sunflower seed (Helianthus annuus L.), micronized (grinding)
Legume and oil seeds Rapeseed, rolled, old varieties Rapeseed, rolled and heated (Brassica napus L. var. napus). This is an experimental sample using an early 00 variety (Tandem).
Legume and oil seeds Rapeseed, microwave-heated, old varieties Rapeseed, ground and microwave-heated (Brassica napus L. var. napus). This is an experimental sample using an early 00 variety (Tandem).
Legume and oil seeds Rapeseed, old varieties Rapeseed (Brassica napus L. var. napus.) from old varieties rich in erucic acid and glucosinolates.
Legume and oil seeds Rapeseed Rapeseed (Brassica napus L. var. napus).
Legume and oil seeds Rapeseed, infra-red heated, old varieties Rapeseed, (Brassica napus L. var. napus) from old varieties, micronised by infra-red heating during 40-90 s.
Legume and oil seeds Rapeseed, type Canola Canola rapeseed seed (Brassica napus L. var. napus).
Legume and oil seeds Rapeseed, dehulled Dehulled rapeseed (Brassica napus L. var. napus)
Legume and oil seeds Field mustard (Brassica rapa subsp. oleifera), seed Field mustard (Brassica rapa L. subsp. oleifera Metzger).
Legume and oil seeds Rapeseed, dehulled, cooked Fully dehulled rapeseeds (Brassica napus L.), cooked.
Legume and oil seeds Rapeseed, flaked Rapeseeds (Brassica napus L. var. napus), flaked
Legume and oil seeds Rapeseed, cooked Rapeseed (Brassica napus L. var. napus), cooked.
Legume and oil seeds Rapeseed, organic Rapeseed (Brassica napus L. var. napus) produced by organic farming.
Legume and oil seeds Rapeseed, toasted Rapeseed, toasted (Brassica napus L. var. napus).
Legume and oil seeds Rapeseed, rolled Rapeseed (Brassica napus L. var. napus), rolled
Legume and oil seeds Rapeseed, ground Rapeseed (Brassica napus L. var. napus), ground.
Legume and oil seeds Linseed Linseed (Linum usitatissimum L.).
Legume and oil seeds Linseed, flaked Linseed, flaked (Linum usitatissimum L.).
Legume and oil seeds Mixture of linseed, wheat bran and sunflower meal, Croquelin Mixture of extruded linseed (Linum usitatissimum L.), wheat bran and sunflower meal. Croquelin is a brand name (Valorex).
Legume and oil seeds Mixture of linseed, cereal grains and oilmeals, Optilin Mixture of extruded linseed (Linum usitatissimum) (60%), cereal grains and oilseed meals. Optilin is made by French feed manufacturer Valorex.
Legume and oil seeds Mixture of linseed and chicory pulp Mixture of linseed (Linum usitatissimum L.) and chicory pulp.
Legume and oil seeds Linseed, extruded Extruded linseed (Linum usitatissimum L.).
Legume and oil seeds Linseed, organic Linseed (Linum usitatissimum L.), produced by organic farming.
Legume and oil seeds Linseed, expanded Expanded linseed (Linum usitatissimum L.).
Legume and oil seeds Linseed, toasted Toasted linseed (Linum usitatissimum L.).
Legume and oil seeds Mixture of linseed and soybean meal, Linusoy Mixture of extruded linseed (Linum usitatissimum L.) and soybean meal. Linusoy is a brand name of Danis.
Legume and oil seeds Mixture of linseed and cereal grains, extruded, organic Extruded linseed (Linum usitatissimum L.) and cereal grains, produced by organic farming
Legume and oil seeds Linseeds, autoclaved Linseeds, autoclaved (Linum usitatissimum L.)
Legume and oil seeds Linseeds, microwave roasted Linseeds, microwave roasted (Linum usitatissimum L.)
Legume and oil seeds Linseeds, pelleted Linseeds, pelleted (Linum usitatissimum L.)
Legume and oil seeds Linseeds, dehulled Linseeds, dehulled (Linum usitatissimum L.)
Legume and oil seeds Linseed, micronized (grinding) Micronized linseed (Linum usitatissimum L.).
Legume and oil seeds Linseed and faba bean, extruded, organic Mixture of linseed (Linum usitatissimum L.) and faba beans, extruded, produced by organic farming.
Legume and oil seeds Chickpea (Cicer arietinum), seed, kabuli, crude fibre < 6% Chickpea seed (Cicer arietinum L.) of Kabuli variety, originating from Mediterranea. The Kabuli seed is light-colored, medium to large and its crude fibre content is < 6% (as fed).
Legume and oil seeds Chickpea (Cicer arietinum), seed, gulabi Chickpea seed (Cicer arietinum L.) of Gulabi variety, originating from Asia.
Legume and oil seeds Black gram (Vigna mungo), seed Seed of the mung bean (Vigna mungo (L.) Hepper). Synonyms : Urd bean, black gram
Legume and oil seeds Lentil seed Seed of lentil (Lens culinaris Medik.).
Legume and oil seeds Common bean (Phasolus vulgaris), seed Seed of the common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.).
Legume and oil seeds Cotton seed Cotton seed (Gossypium spp.).
Legume and oil seeds Cajan pea (Cajanus cajan), seed Pigeon pea seed (Cajanus cajan (L.) Huth). The pigeon pea tree is a tropical legume shrub grown for its pods, seeds and leaves used to feed animals. Other names : pigeon pea, Congo pea, red gram, non-eye pea.
Legume and oil seeds Cajan pea (Cajanus cajan), seed, autoclaved Autoclaved cajan pea seed (Cajanus cajan (L.) Huth).
Legume and oil seeds African yam bean (Sphenostylis stenocarpa), seed Seed of the African yam bean (Sphenostylis stenocarpa (Hochst. ex A. Rich.) Harms). The African yam bean is grown for its edible seeds and tubers.
Legume and oil seeds African yam bean (Sphenostylis stenocarpa), seed, autoclaved Autoclaved seed of the African yam bean (Sphenostylis stenocarpa (Hochst. ex A. Rich.) Harms). The African yam bean is grown for its edible seeds and tubers.
Legume and oil seeds Common bean (Phasolus vulgaris), white, seed Seed of the common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) of cultivars with clear teguments.
Legume and oil seeds Common bean (Phasolus vulgaris), coloured, seed Seed of the common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) of cultivars with colored teguments.
Legume and oil seeds Hevea (Hevea brasiliensis), seed Hevea seed, whole (Hevea brasiliensis Muell.-Arg.).
Legume and oil seeds Hevea (Hevea brasiliensis), seed, dehulled Hevea seed, decorticated (Hevea brasiliensis Muell.-Arg.).
Legume and oil seeds Groundnut seed, dehulled Groundnut seed, decorticated (Arachis hypogaea L.).
Legume and oil seeds Mango (Mangifera indica), kernel, dried Kernel of the mango (Mangifera indica L.) fruit, dried.
Legume and oil seeds Lima bean (Phaseolus lunatus) Lima bean seed (Phaseolus lunatus L.). The Lima bean is a tropical proteagineous seed (South America, Africa, Asia) grown for food.
Legume and oil seeds Lima bean (Phaseolus lunatus), autoclaved Autoclaved Lima bean seed (Phaseolus lunatus L.). The Lima bean is a tropical proteagineous seed (South America, Africa, Asia) grown for food.
Legume and oil seeds Acacia (Acacia spp.), seed Acacia seed from an unknown acacia species (Acacia spp.).
Legume and oil seeds Acacia (Acacia spp.), seed, autoclaved Acacia seed, autoclaved (Acacia spp.). Nigerian sample.
Legume and oil seeds Cowpea (Vigna unguiculata), seed Cowpea seed (Vigna unguiculata (L.) Walp.)
Legume and oil seeds Cowpea (Vigna unguiculata), seed, autoclaved Cowpea seed, autoclaved (Vigna unguiculata (L.) Walp.). The cowpea is a tropical plant whose seeds, leaves and pods are used for food. Other names : black-eyed pea, cherry bean.
Legume and oil seeds Bambara groundnut (Vigna subterranea), seed Bambara groundnut seed (Vigna subterranea (L.) Verdc.). Bambara groundnut is a tropical grass from Africa whose underground pods contains hard seeds used for animal feeding.
Legume and oil seeds Bambara groundnut (Vigna subterranea), seed, autoclaved Bambara groundnut seed (Vigna subterranea (L.) Verdc.), autoclaved. Bambara groundnut is a tropical grass from Africa whose underground pods contains hard seeds used for animal feeding.
Legume and oil seeds Cotton seed, dehulled Cotton seed, dehulled (Gossypium spp.).
Legume and oil seeds Safflower seed Safflower seed (Carthamus tinctorius L.).
Legume and oil seeds Safflower seed, dehulled Safflower seed, dehulled (Carthamus tinctorius L.).
Legume and oil seeds Leucaena (Leucaena leucocephala), seed, immature Leucaena (Leucaena leucocephala (Lam.) de Wit) seed, immature
Legume and oil seeds Leucaena (Leucaena leucocephala), seed, mature Leucaena (Leucaena leucocephala (Lam.) de Wit) seed, mature
Legume and oil seeds Leucaena (Leucaena leucocephala), seed, dehulled Leucaena (Leucaena leucocephala (Lam.) de Wit) seed, dehulled
Legume and oil seeds Leucaena (Leucaena leucocephala), seed Leucaena (Leucaena leucocephala (Lam.) de Wit) seed
Legume and oil seeds Passionfruit (Passiflora edulis), seed Passionfruit seed (Passiflora edulis Sims).
Legume and oil seeds Babul (Acacia nilotica), kernel Kernel of the gum tree (Acacia nilotica (L.) Willd. ex Delile) fruit.
Legume and oil seeds Babul (Acacia nilotica), seed Gum tree seed (Acacia nilotica (L.) Willd. ex Delile).
Legume and oil seeds Winged bean (Psophocarpus tetragonolobus), seed, cooked, dehydrated Seed of the winged bean (Psophocarpus tetragonolobus (L.) D.C.) seed, cooked and dehydrated
Legume and oil seeds Chickpea (Cicer arietinum), seed, kabuli, crude fibre < 6%, immature seed Immature chickpea seed (Cicer arietinum L.) of Kabuli variety, originating from Mediterranea. The Kabuli seed is light-colored, medium to large and its crude fibre content is < 6%.
Legume and oil seeds Tamarugo (Prosopis tamarugo), seed Tamarugo seed (Prosopis tamarugo Phil.). The tamarugo is a Chilean shrub, drought-resistant and used as a browse species.
Legume and oil seeds Common bean (Phasolus vulgaris), toasted Seed of the common bean, toasted (Phaseolus vulgaris L.).
Legume and oil seeds Jack bean (Canavalia ensiformis) seed Jack bean seed (Canavalia ensiformis (L.) DC.).
Legume and oil seeds Chickpea (Cicer arietinum), seed, desi, crude fibre > 6% Chickpea seed (Cicer arietinum L.) of Desi variety, originating from Asia. The Desi seed is colored (yellow to black), small and its crude fibre content is  > 6% (as fed).
Legume and oil seeds Tamarind (Tamarindus indica), seed Tamarind seed (Tamarindus indica L.). The tamarind is an Asian tree whose fruit has laxative properties.
Legume and oil seeds Tamarind (Tamarindus indica), seed, dehulled Tamarind seed, decorticated (Tamarindus indica L.). The tamarind is an Asian tree whose fruit has laxative properties.
Legume and oil seeds Ochre vetch (Lathyrus ochrus), seed Seed of ochre vetch (Lathyrus ochrus DC.).
Legume and oil seeds Bitter vetch (Vicia ervilia), seed Bitter vetch seed (Vicia ervilia Willd.).
Legume and oil seeds Common vetch (Vicia sativa), seed Common vetch seed (Vicia sativa L.).
Legume and oil seeds Jack bean (Canavalia ensiformis), seed, cooked Jack bean seed, cooked (Canavalia ensiformis (L.) DC.).
Legume and oil seeds Jack bean (Canavalia maritima), seed Jack bean seed (Canavalia maritima (Aublet) Thouars).
Legume and oil seeds Jack bean (Canavalia ensiformis), seed, toasted Jack bean seed, toasted (Canavalia ensiformis (L.) DC.).
Legume and oil seeds Sword bean (Canavalia gladiata), seed Sword bean (Canavalia gladiata (Jacq.) DC.) seed.
Legume and oil seeds Almond (Prunus dulcis), kernel Oil-rich seed of the almond tree (Prunus dulcis (Mill.) D. A. Webb).
Legume and oil seeds Alfalfa seed Alfalfa seed (Medicago sativa L.).
Legume and oil seeds Blackcurrant (Ribes nigrum), pips Seeds of blackcurrant (Ribes nigrum L.).
Legume and oil seeds Cotton seed, extruded Cotton seed, extruded (Gossypium spp.).
Legume and oil seeds Cotton seed, toasted Cotton seed, toasted (Gossypium spp.).
Legume and oil seeds Oil bean tree (Pentaclethra macrophylla), seed Oil bean tree seed (Pentaclethra macrophylla Benth.). The oil bean tree is a leguminous African tree grown for its edible seeds.
Legume and oil seeds Mixture of pea and rapeseed, extruded, fat > 13% Extruded mixture of pea (Pisum sativum L.) and rapeseed (Brassica napus L. var. napus) containing more than 13% fat. This product should contain around 40-50% of pea.
Legume and oil seeds Beet seed Beet seed (Beta vulgaris L.).
Legume and oil seeds Poppy (Papaver somniferum), seed Poppy (Papaver somniferum L.) seeds grown for their edible oil.
Legume and oil seeds Sesame seed, dehulled Sesame seed, decorticated (Sesamum indicum L.).
Legume and oil seeds Sesame seed, whole Sesame seed, whole (Sesamum indicum L.).
Legume and oil seeds Mixture of pea and rapeseed, extruded, fat 8-13% Extruded mixture of pea (Pisum sativum L.) and rapeseed (Brassica napus L. var. napus) containing 8-14% fat (as fed). This product should contain around 60-80% of pea.
Legume and oil seeds Palm kernel seed Palm kernel seed (Elaeis guineensis Jacq.).
Legume and oil seeds Kapok (Ceiba pentandra), seed Kapok seed (Ceiba pentandra (L.) Gaertn.).
Legume and oil seeds Niger (Guizotia abyssinica), seed Niger seed (Guizotia abyssinica (L.f.) Cass).
Legume and oil seeds Sorrel (Rumex acetosa), seed Sorrel seed (Rumex acetosa L.).
Legume and oil seeds Lima bean (Phaseolus lunatus), byproduct Byproduct of Lima bean (Phaseolus lunatus L.) processing.
Legume and oil seeds Castor (Ricinus communis), seed Castor seed (Ricinus communis L.).
Legume and oil seeds Cotton seed, glandless Cotton seed (Gossypium spp.) of "glandless" type (without gossypol glands) .
Legume and oil seeds Mixture of pea and rapeseed, extruded, fat < 5% Extruded mixture of pea (Pisum sativum L.) and rapeseed (Brassica napus L. var. napus) containing less than 5% fat (as fed). This product probably contains around 80% of pea.
Legume and oil seeds American jointvetch (Aeschynomene americana), seed American jointvetch seed (Aeschynomene americana L.). American jointvetch is a South American legume.
Legume and oil seeds Centro (Centrosema molle), seed Centro seed (Centrosema molle Mart ex Benth.). The centro is an herbaceous legume used as fodder (Asia).
Legume and oil seeds Butterfly pea (Clitoria ternatea), seed Butterfly pea seed (Clitoria ternatea L.), a tropical legume (Asia, Africa, South America).
Legume and oil seeds Dwarf koa (Desmanthus virgatus), seed Seed of dwarf koa (Desmanthus virgatus (L.) Willd.)
Legume and oil seeds Horse gram (Macrotyloma daltoni), seed Horse gram seed (Macrotyloma daltonii (Webb) Verdc.). The regular horse gram is a related species (M. uniflorum).
Legume and oil seeds Mung bean seed (Vigna radiata) Seed of the mung bean (Vigna radiata (L.) Hepper). Synonyms : Phaseolus aureus Roxb., green gram, golden gram
Legume and oil seeds Mixture of pea and rapeseed, 50/50, untreated Untreated mixture of 50% pea (Pisum sativum L.) and 50% rapeseed (Brassica napus L. var. napus).
Legume and oil seeds Mixture of pea and rapeseed, 60/40, ground Ground mixture of 60% pea (Pisum sativum L.) and 40% rapeseed (Brassica napus L. var. napus).
Legume and oil seeds Mixture of pea and rapeseed, 60/40, toasted Toasted mixture of 60% pea (Pisum sativum L.) and 40% rapeseed (Brassica napus L. var. napus).
Legume and oil seeds Mixture of pea and rapeseed, 50/50, toasted Toasted mixture of 50% pea (Pisum sativum L.) and 50% rapeseed (Brassica napus L. var. napus).
Legume and oil seeds Mixture of pea and rapeseed, 50/50, toasted and expanded Toasted and expanded mixture of 50% pea (Pisum sativum L.) and 50% rapeseed (Brassica napus L. var. napus).
Legume and oil seeds Chick vetch (Lathyrus cicera), seed Seed of chick gess (Lathyrus cicera L.).
Legume and oil seeds Adzuki (Vigna angularis), seed Adzuki seed (Vigna angularis (Willd.) Ohwi & Ohashi). The adzuki (or azuki) is an Asian legume grown for its seeds (food or feed).
Legume and oil seeds Lentil seed and bran Seed and bran of lentil (Lens culinaris Medik.). Other name : feed grade lentil.
Legume and oil seeds Lablab (Lablab purpureus) seed Lablab seed (Lablab purpureus (L.) Sweet.).
Legume and oil seeds Narbonne vetch (Vicia narbonensis), seed Narbonne vetch seed (Vicia narbonensis L.).
Legume and oil seeds Palestina vetch (Vicia palaestina), seed Palestina vecth seed (Vicia palaestina Boiss.).
Legume and oil seeds Spanish bean (Phaseolus coccineus), seed Seed of the Spanish bean (Phaseolus coccineus L.), a species closely related to the common bean (P. vulgaris L.).
Legume and oil seeds Cashew kernel Kernel of the cashew nut (Anacardium occidentale L.), usually a food product.
Legume and oil seeds Winged bean (Psophocarpus tetragonolobus), seed Seed of the winged bean (Psophocarpus tetragonolobus (L.) D.C.)
Legume and oil seeds Velvet bean (Mucuna pruriens), seed Mucuna seed (Mucuna pruriens (L.) DC.). Mucuna is a tropical plant whose seeds and pods are used for feed. Other name : velvet bean.
Legume and oil seeds Spinash (Spinacia oleracea), seed Spinash seed (Spinacia oleracea L.).
Legume and oil seeds Lentil seed, screenings Seed of lentil (Lens culinaris Medik.), unfit for human consumption (small, broken or damaged seeds).
Legume and oil seeds Lentil seed, dry heated Seed of lentil, dry heated (Lens culinaris Medik.).
Legume and oil seeds Lentil seed, germinated Seed of lentil (Lens culinaris Medik.), germinated.
Legume and oil seeds Camelina (Camelina sativa), seed Camelina seed (Camelina sativa Crantz).
Legume and oil seeds Mixture of pea and rapeseed, 60/40, untreated Untreated mixture of 60% pea (Pisum sativum L.) and 40% rapeseed (Brassica napus L. var. napus).
Legume and oil seeds Mixture of pea and rapeseed, 80/20, untreated Untreated mixture of 80% pea (Pisum sativum L.) and 20% rapeseed (Brassica napus L. var. napus).
Legume and oil seeds Cowpea (Vigna unguiculata), seed, extruded Cowpea seed, extruded (Vigna unguiculata (L.) Walp.). The cowpea is a tropical plant whose seeds, leaves and pods are used for food. Other names : black-eyed pea, cherry bean.
Legume and oil seeds Linseed and linseed byproduct Byproduct of linseed processing  (Linum usitatissimum L.) consisting of seeds and other plant and seed fragments.
Legume and oil seeds Cotton seed, Pima Cotton seed (Gossypium barbadense L.), crushed and grounded (cracked). Pima cotton is an American species with long, fine fiber (hence the name Extra Long Staple, ELS) with numerous gossypol glands. It is recommended that Pima seeds be cracked before feeding.
Legume and oil seeds Hemp seed, organic Hemp seed (Cannabis sativa L.). produced by organic farming.
Legume and oil seeds Common vetch (Vicia sativa), seed, organic Common vetch seed (Vicia sativa L.) produced by organic farming.
Legume and oil seeds Baobab (Adansonia digitata), seed Baobab (Adansonia digitata L.), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Babassu (Attalea speciosa), kernels Babassu (Attalea speciosa Mart. ex Spreng.), kernels
Legume and oil seeds Congo grass (Brachiaria ruziziensis), seed Congo grass (Brachiaria ruziziensis Germ. & Evrard), seed
Legume and oil seeds Senna (Senna occidentalis), seed Senna (Senna occidentalis (L.) Link), seed
Legume and oil seeds Cycas (Cycas thouarsii), kernels, dry Cycas (Cycas thouarsii R. Br. ex Gaudich.), kernels, dry
Legume and oil seeds Fonio (Digitaria exilis), grain Fonio (Digitaria exilis Stapf), grain
Legume and oil seeds Burgu (Echinochloa stagnina), seed Burgu (Echinochloa stagnina P. Beauv.), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Ana tree (Faidherbia albida), seed Ana tree (Faidherbia albida (Delile) A. Chev.), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Honey locust (Gleditsia triacanthos), seed Honey locust (Gleditsia triacanthos L.), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Hammada (Hammada elegans), seed Hammada (Hammada elegans (Bunge) Botsch), seed
Legume and oil seeds Okra (Abelmoschus esculentus), seed Gombo (Abelmoschus esculentus (L.) Moench.), seed
Legume and oil seeds Sheanut (Vitellaria paradoxa), kernels Sheanut (Vitellaria paradoxa C. F. Gaertn.), kernels
Legume and oil seeds Manila tamarind (Pithecellobium dulce), seeds Manila tamarind (Pithecellobium dulce (Roxb.) Benth.), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Prosopis (Prosopis africana), seeds Prosopis (Prosopis africana (Guill. & Perr.) Taubert), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Tribulus (Tribulus terrestris), seed Tribulus (Tribulus terrestris L.), seed
Legume and oil seeds Triumfetta (Triumfetta cordifolia), seed Triumfetta (Triumfetta cordifolia A. Rich.), seed
Legume and oil seeds Bambara groundnut (Vigna subterranea), seeds, dehulled Bambara groundnut (Vigna subterranea (L.) Verdc.), seeds, dehulled
Legume and oil seeds Vetch (Lathyrus spp.), seed, organic Seed of gess (Lathyrus spp.), produced by organic farming.
Legume and oil seeds Sesame offal Unidentified byproduct of sesame (Sesamum indicum L.) processing. It probably contains discarded seeds.
Legume and oil seeds Lentil seed, organic Lentil seed (Lens culinaris Medik.), produced by organic farming.
Legume and oil seeds Pomegranate (Punica granatum), seeds Pomegranate seeds (Punica granatum L.).
Legume and oil seeds Sulla (Hedysarum coronarium), seed Sulla seed (Hedysarum coronarium L.).
Legume and oil seeds Cleaver (Galium spp.) seed Cleaver seed (Galium spp.).
Legume and oil seeds Mustard seed Mustard seed (Brassica spp.).
Legume and oil seeds Raddish (Raphanus sativus), seed Raddish seed (Raphanus sativus L.).
Legume and oil seeds Hemp seed, dehulled, organic Hemp seed (Cannabis sativa L.), dehulled, obtained by organic farming
Legume and oil seeds Perennial pea (Lathyrus latifolius) Seed of perennial pea (Lathyrus latifolius L.).
Legume and oil seeds Umbrella thorn (Acacia tortilis), seeds Umbrella thorn (Acacia tortilis (Forssk.) Hayne), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Watermelon (Citrullus lanatus), seeds, whole Watermelon (Citrullus lanatus (Thunb.) Matsun & Nakai), seeds, whole
Legume and oil seeds Watermelon (Citrullus lanatus), seeds, decorticated Watermelon (Citrullus lanatus (Thunb.) Matsun & Nakai), seeds, decorticated
Legume and oil seeds Grass pea (Lathyrus sativus), seed Grass pea (Lathyrus sativus L.), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Lentil seed, decorticated Lentil seed, decorticated (Lens culinaris Medik.)
Legume and oil seeds Rain tree (Albizia saman), seeds Rain tree (Samanea saman (Jacq.) Merr.), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Moth bean (Vigna aconitifolia), seeds Moth bean (Vigna aconitifolia (Jacq.) Marechal), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Rice bean (Vigna umbellata), seeds Rice bean (Vigna umbellata (Thunb.) Ohwi & Ohashi), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Pumpkin (Cucurbita sp.), seeds Pumpkin (Cucurbita spp.), seeds.
Legume and oil seeds Moringa (Moringa oleifera), seeds Moringa (Moringa oleifera Lam.), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Paperback thorn (Acacia sieberiana), seeds Paperback thorn (Acacia sieberiana DC.), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Lebbek (Albizia lebbeck), seeds Lebbek (Albizia lebbeck (L.) Benth.), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Bauhinia (Bauhinia monandra), seeds, raw Bauhinia (Bauhinia monandra Kurz), seeds, raw
Legume and oil seeds Bauhinia (Bauhinia monandra), seeds, boiled Bauhinia (Bauhinia monandra Kurz), seeds, boiled
Legume and oil seeds Bauhinia (Bauhinia monandra), seeds, toasted Bauhinia (Bauhinia monandra Kurz), seeds, toasted
Legume and oil seeds Bauhinia (Bauhinia monandra), seeds, soaked Bauhinia (Bauhinia monandra Kurz), seeds, soaked
Legume and oil seeds Jequirity (Abrus precatorius) seeds Jequirity (Abrus precatorius L.) seeds
Legume and oil seeds Chickpea (Cicer arietinum), seeds, desi, dehulled Chickpea seeds, desi, dehulled (Cicer arietinum L.)
Legume and oil seeds Chickpea (Cicer arietinum), seeds, kabuli, extruded Chickpea seeds, kabuli, extruded (Cicer arietinum L.)
Legume and oil seeds Chickpea (Cicer arietinum), seeds, desi, extruded Chickpea seeds, desi, extruded (Cicer arietinum L.)
Legume and oil seeds Common bean (Phasolus vulgaris), seed, extruded Common bean seeds, extruded (Phaseolus vulgaris L.)
Legume and oil seeds Common bean (Phasolus vulgaris), seed, cooked Common bean seeds, cooked (Phaseolus vulgaris L.)
Legume and oil seeds Common bean (Phasolus vulgaris), seed, dehulled Common bean seeds, dehulled (Phaseolus vulgaris L.)
Legume and oil seeds Narbonne vetch (Vicia narbonensis), seeds, roasted Narbonne vetch (Vicia narbonensis L.), seeds, roasted
Legume and oil seeds Narbonne vetch (Vicia narbonensis), seeds, autoclaved Narbonne vetch (Vicia narbonensis L.), seeds, autoclaved
Legume and oil seeds Monantha vetch (Vicia monantha), seeds Monantha vetch (Vicia monantha Retz.), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Hairy vetch (Vicia villosa), seeds Hairy vetch (Vicia villosa Roth), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Cumin (Cuminum cyminum), seed Cumin (Cuminum cyminum L.) seed meal
Legume and oil seeds Jatropha (Jatropha curcas) kernels Jatropha (Jatropha curcas L.) kernels
Legume and oil seeds Jatropha (Jatropha curcas) kernels, non-toxic variety Jatropha (Jatropha curcas L.) kernels, non-toxic variety
Legume and oil seeds Jatropha (Jatropha platyphylla) kernels Jatropha (Jatropha platyphylla Mull. Arg.) kernels
Legume and oil seeds Jatropha (Jatropha curcas) seeds Jatropha (Jatropha curcas L.) seeds
Legume and oil seeds Bitter gourd (Momordica charantia), seeds, dehulled Bitter gourd (Momordica charantia L.), seeds, dehulled
Legume and oil seeds Bottle gourd (Lagenaria siceraria), seeds, dehulled Bottle gourd (Lagenaria siceraria (Molina) Standl.), seeds, dehulled
Legume and oil seeds Cucumber (Cucumis sativus), seeds, dehulled Cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.), seeds, dehulled
Legume and oil seeds Horned melon (Cucumis metuliferus), seeds Horned melon (Cucumis metuliferus E. Mey. ex Naudin), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Buttercup squash (Cucurbita maxima), seeds Buttercup squash (Cucurbita maxima Duchesne), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Luffa (Luffa aegyptiaca), seeds Luffa (Luffa aegyptiaca Mill.), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Luffa (Luffa aegyptiaca), seeds, dehulled Luffa (Luffa aegyptiaca Mill.), seeds, dehulled
Legume and oil seeds Balsam apple (Momordica balsamina), seeds Balsam apple (Momordica balsamina L.), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Melon (Cucumis melo), seeds, dehulled Melon (Cucumis melo L.), seeds, dehulled
Legume and oil seeds Butternut squash (Cucurbita moschata), seeds, dehulled Butternut squash (Cucurbita moschata Duchesne), seeds, dehulled
Legume and oil seeds Snake gourd (Trichosanthes cucumerina var. anguina), seeds, dehulled Snake gourd (Trichosanthes cucumerina var. anguina (L.) Haines), seeds, dehulled
Legume and oil seeds Kirkia (Kirkia acuminata) seeds Kirkia (Kirkia acuminata Oliv.) seeds
Legume and oil seeds Philenoptera (Philenoptera violacea), seed Philenoptera (Philenoptera violacea (Klotzsch) Schrire) seeds
Legume and oil seeds Karoo (Searsia lancea), seeds Karoo (Searsia lancea (L.f.) F.A.Barkley), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Marula (Sclerocarya birrea), seeds Marula (Sclerocarya birrea (A. Rich.) Hochst.), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Buffalo thorn (Ziziphus mucronata), seeds Buffalo thorn (Ziziphus mucronata Willd.), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Acacia (Acacia burkei), seeds Acacia (Acacia burkei Benth.), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Monkey thorn (Acacia galpinii), seeds Monkey thorn (Acacia galpinii Burtt Davy), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Grey hair acacia (Acacia gerrardii), seeds Grey hair acacia (Acacia gerrardii Benth.), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Vachellia (Vachellia haematoxylon), seeds Vachellia (Vachellia haematoxylon (Willd.) Seigler & Ebinger), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Kaunthia (Albizia amara), seeds Kaunthia (Albizia amara (Roxb.) B. Boivin), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Albizia (Albizia harveyi), seeds Albizia (Albizia harveyi E. Fourn.), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Bauhinia (Bauhinia petersiana), seeds Bauhinia (Bauhinia petersiana Bolle), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Tree wisteria (Bolusanthus speciosus), seeds Tree wisteria (Bolusanthus speciosus (Bolus) Harms), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Bridelia (Bridelia micrantha), seeds Bridelia (Bridelia micrantha (Hochst.) Baill.), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Burkea (Burkea africana), seeds Burkea (Burkea africana Hook.), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Cassia (Cassia abbreviata), seeds Cassia (Cassia abbreviata Oliv.), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Mopane (Colophospermum mopane), seeds Mopane (Colophospermum mopane (Benth.) Leonard), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Combretum (Combretum collinum), seeds Combretum (Combretum collinum Fresen), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Ochna (Ochna pulchra), seeds Ochna (Ochna pulchra Hook.), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Sterculia (Sterculia africana), seeds Sterculia (Sterculia africana (Lour.) Fiori), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Medlar (Vangueria infausta), seeds Medlar (Vangueria infausta Burch.), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Lablab (Lablab purpureus), seeds, boiled and soaked Lablab (Lablab purpureus (L.) Sweet.), seeds, boiled and soaked
Legume and oil seeds Tephrosia (Tephrosia bracteolata), seeds Tephrosia (Tephrosia bracteolata Guill. & Perr.), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Tephrosia (Tephrosia candida (Roxb.) DC.), seeds Tephrosia (Tephrosia candida (Roxb.) DC.), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Broad pod vetch (Vicia peregrina), seeds Broad pod vetch (Vicia peregrina L.), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Vigna (Vigna trinervia), seeds Vigna (Vigna trinervia (B. Heyne ex Wight & Arn. ) Tateishi & Maxted), seeds
Legume and oil seeds African gram (Vigna trilobata), seeds African gram (Vigna trilobata (L.) Verdc.), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Wild cowpea (Vigna vexillata), seeds Wild cowpea (Vigna vexillata (L.) A. Rich.), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Moringa (Moringa oleifera), seeds, dehulled Moringa (Moringa oleifera Lam.), seeds, dehulled
Legume and oil seeds Jojoba (Simmondsia chinensis), seeds Jojoba (Simmondsia chinensis (Link) C. K. Schneid.), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Neem (Azadirachta indica) seeds Neem (Azadirachta indica A. Juss.) seeds
Legume and oil seeds Papaya (Carica papaya), seeds Papaya (Carica papaya L.), seeds
Legume and oil seeds Mixture of pea and rapeseed, 50/50, extruded Extruded mixture of 50% pea (Pisum sativum L.) and 50% rapeseed (Brassica napus L. var. napus).
Legume and oil seeds Sesban (Sesbania bispinosa) seed Sesban (Sesbania bispinosa (Jacq.) W.F. Wight) seed
Legume and oil seeds Bur clover (Medicago polymorpha), seed Seed of bur clover (Medicago polymorpha L)
Legume and oil seeds Sour clover (Melilotus indicus), seed Seed of sour clover (Melilotus indicus (L.) All.)
Legume and oil seeds African locust bean (Parkia filicoidea), seed Seed of african locust bean (Parkia filicoidea Welw. ex Oliv)
Legume and oil seeds Cocoa (Theobroma cacao), beans Beans (seeds) of cocoa (Theobroma cacao L.)
Legume and oil seeds Groundnut seed, whole Groundnut seed, whole (Arachis hypogaea L.).
Legume and oil seeds Sunn hemp (Crotalaria juncea), seed Seed of sunn hemp (Crotalaria juncea L.)
Legume and oil seeds Purple vetch (Vicia benghalensis) Purple vetch seed (Vicia benghalensis L.).
Legume and oil seeds Guanacaste (Enterolobium cyclocarpum), seed Seed of guanacaste (Enterolobium cyclocarpum (Jacq.) Griseb.)
Legume and oil seeds Savonette (Lonchocarpus sericeus), seed Seed of savonette (Lonchocarpus sericeus (Poir.) DC.)
Legume and oil seeds Sesban (Sesbania pachycarpa), seed Seed of sesban (Sesbania pachycarpa DC.)
Legume and oil seeds Pterocarpus (Pterocarpus osun), seed Seed of pterocarpus (Pterocarpus osun Craib)
Legume and oil seeds Gum arabic tree (Acacia senegal), seed Seed of gum arabic tree (Acacia senegal (L.) Willd.)
Legume and oil seeds Job's tears (Coix lacryma-jobi), seed Seed of job's tears (Coix lacryma-jobi L.)
Legume and oil seeds Spanish lime (Melicoccus bijugatus), seed Seed of spanish lime (Melicoccus bijugatus Jacq.)
Legume and oil seeds Breadnut (Brosimum alicastrum), seed Seed of breadnut (Brosimum alicastrum Swartz)
Legume and oil seeds Fenugreek (Trigonella foenum-graecum), seed Seed of fenugreek (Trigonella foenum-graecum L.)
Legume and oil seeds Guar (Cyamopsis tetragonoloba), seed Seed of guar (Cyamopsis tetragonoloba L.)
Legume and oil seeds Psyllium (Plantago ovata), seed Seed of psyllium (Plantago ovata Forssk.)
Legume and oil seeds Senna (Senna tora), seed Seed of senna (Senna tora (L.) Roxb.)
Legume and oil seeds Crambe (Crambe abyssinica), seed Seed of crambe (Crambe abyssinica Hochst)
Legume and oil seeds Avocado (Persea americana), pit Pit of avocado (Persea americana Mill.)
Legume and oil seeds Retama (Retama raetam), seed Seed of retama (Retama raetam (Forssk.) Webb)
Legume and oil seeds Jack bean (Canavalia ensiformis), seed, extruded Jack bean seed, extruded (Canavalia ensiformis (L.) DC.).
Legume and oil seeds Palm kernel seed, oil < 30% Palm kernel seed (Elaeis guineensis Jacq.).
Legume and oil seeds Alyce clover (Alysicarpus vaginalis), seed Seed of alyce clover (Alysicarpus vaginalis (L.) DC.)
Legume and oil seeds Argan (Argania spinosa), seed Seed of argan (Argania spinosa (L.) Skeel)
Legume and oil seeds Breadfruit tree (Artocarpus altilis), seed Seed of breadfruit tree (Artocarpus altilis Fosb.)
Legume and oil seeds Corozo (Attalea cohune), seed Seed of corozo (Attalea cohune Mart.)
Legume and oil seeds Hemp seed Hemp seed (Cannabis sativa L.)
Legume and oil seeds Lime (Citrus aurantiifolia), seed Seed of lime (Citrus aurantiifolia Swingle)
Legume and oil seeds Prosopis (Prosopis stephaniana), seed Seed of prosopis (Prosopis stephaniana (M. Bieb.) Kunth ex Spreng.)
Legume and oil seeds Velvet mesquite (Prosopis velutina), seed Seed of velvet mesquite (Prosopis velutina Wooton)
Legume and oil seeds Kenaf (Hibiscus cannabinus), seed Seed of kenaf (Hibiscus cannabinus L.)
Legume and oil seeds Mesquite (Prosopis juliflora), seed Seed of mesquite (Prosopis juliflora (Sw.) DC.)
Legume and oil seeds Huizache (Acacia farnesiana), seed Seed of huizache (Acacia farnesiana (L.) Willd.)
Legume and oil seeds Roselle (Hibiscus sabdariffa), seed Seed of roselle (Hibiscus sabdariffa L.)
Legume and oil seeds Acanthus (Acanthus mollis), seed Seed of acanthus (Acanthus mollis L.)
Legume and oil seeds Annatto (Bixa orellana), seed Seed of annatto (Bixa orellana L.)
Legume and oil seeds Calopo (Calopogonium mucunoides), seed Seed of calopo (Calopogonium mucunoides Desv.)
Legume and oil seeds Camel thorn (Acacia erioloba), seed Seed of camel thorn (Acacia erioloba E.Mey)
Legume and oil seeds Carob (Ceratonia siliqua), seed Seed of carob (Ceratonia siliqua L.)
Legume and oil seeds Algaroba (Prosopis chilensis), seed Seed of algaroba (Prosopis chilensis (Mol.) Stuntz)
Legume and oil seeds Ivory palm (Phytelephas macrocarpa), seed Seed of ivory palm (Phytelephas macrocarpa Ruiz & Pav.)
Legume and oil seeds Cowpea (Vigna unguiculata), seed, cooked Cowpea seed, autoclaved (Vigna unguiculata (L.) Walp.).
Legume and oil seeds Cowpea (Vigna unguiculata), seed, germinated Cowpea seed (Vigna unguiculata (L.) Walp.), germinated
Legume and oil seeds Doum palm (Hyphaene thebaica), seed Seed of doum palm (Hyphaene thebaica Mart.)
Legume and oil seeds Jack bean (Canavalia ensiformis), seed, treated with potassium bicarbonate Jack bean seed, toasted (Canavalia ensiformis (L.) DC.), treated with potassium bicarbonate KHCO3
Legume and oil seeds Jack bean (Canavalia ensiformis), soaked in water Jack bean seed, toasted (Canavalia ensiformis (L.) DC.), soaked in water
Legume and oil seeds Jack bean (Canavalia ensiformis), germinated Jack bean seed, toasted (Canavalia ensiformis (L.) DC.), germinated
Legume and oil seeds Jack bean (Canavalia ensiformis), seed, urea-treated Jack bean seed, toasted (Canavalia ensiformis (L.) DC.), urea-treated
Legume and oil seeds Mango (Mangifera indica), kernel, fresh Kernel of the mango (Mangifera indica L.) fruit, fresh.
Legume and oil seeds Phasey bean (Macroptilium lathyroides), seed Seed of phasey bean (Macroptilium lathyroides (L.) Urban)
Legume and oil seeds Sal (Shorea robusta), seed Seed of sal (Shorea robusta Gaertn.)
Legume and oil seeds Sesban (Sesbania sesban), seed Seed of sesban (Sesbania sesban (L.) Merr.)
Legume and oil seeds Siratro (Macroptilium atropurpureum), seed Seed of siratro (Macroptilium atropurpureum (DC.) Urban)
Legume and oil seeds Stylo (Stylosanthes guianensis), seed Seed of stylo (Stylosanthes guianensis (Aublet) Sw.)
Legume and oil seeds Sweet thorn (Acacia karroo), seed Seed of sweet thorn (Acacia karroo Hayne)
Legume and oil seeds Sword bean (Canavalia gladiata), seed, cooked Sword bean (Canavalia gladiata (Jacq.) DC.) seed, cooked.
Legume and oil seeds Sword bean (Canavalia gladiata), seed, cooked, ensiled with urea Sword bean (Canavalia gladiata (Jacq.) DC.) seed, cooked, ensiled with urea
Legume and oil seeds Tropical kudzu (Pueraria phaseoloides), seed Seed of tropical kudzu (Pueraria phaseoloides (Roxb.) Benth. var. javanica (Benth.) Baker)
Legume and oil seeds Velvet bean (Mucuna pruriens), seed, extruded Mucuna seed (Mucuna pruriens (L.) DC.), extruded
Legume and oil seeds Velvet bean (Mucuna pruriens), seed, toasted Mucuna seed (Mucuna pruriens (L.) DC.), toasted
Legume and oil seeds Walnut (Juglans regia), kernels Kernels of walnut (Juglans regia L.)
Legume and oil seeds African yam bean (Sphenostylis stenocarpa), seed, cooked Cooked seed of the African yam bean (Sphenostylis stenocarpa (Hochst. ex A. Rich.) Harms). The African yam bean is grown for its edible seeds and tubers.
Legume and oil seeds African yam bean (Sphenostylis stenocarpa), seed, fresh Fresh seed of the African yam bean (Sphenostylis stenocarpa (Hochst. ex A. Rich.) Harms). The African yam bean is grown for its edible seeds and tubers.
Legume and oil seeds Bambara groundnut (Vigna subterranea), seed, cooked Bambara groundnut seed (Vigna subterranea (L.) Verdc.), cooked. Bambara groundnut is a tropical grass from Africa whose underground pods contains hard seeds used for animal feeding.
Legume and oil seeds Bambara groundnut (Vigna subterranea), seeds, dehulled, toasted Bambara groundnut (Vigna subterranea (L.) Verdc.), seeds, dehulled, toasted
Legume and oil seeds Bambara groundnut (Vigna subterranea), seeds, fermented Bambara groundnut (Vigna subterranea (L.) Verdc.), seeds, fermented
Legume and oil seeds Bambara groundnut (Vigna subterranea), seeds, toasted Bambara groundnut (Vigna subterranea (L.) Verdc.), seeds, toasted
Legume and oil seeds Bauhinia (Bauhinia thonningii), seed Seed of bauhinia (Bauhinia thonningii Schum.)
Legume and oil seeds Ackee (Blighia sapida), seed Seed of ackee (Blighia sapida K.D.Koenig)
Legume and oil seeds Bluethorn (Acacia erubescens), seed Seed of bluethorn (Acacia erubescens Welw. ex Oliv.)
Legume and oil seeds Cajan pea (Cajanus cajan), seed, raw Fresh cajan pea seed (Cajanus cajan (L.) Huth).
Legume and oil seeds Caraway (Carum carvi), seed Seed of caraway (Carum carvi L.)
Legume and oil seeds Colocynth (Citrullus colocynthis), seed Seed of colocynth (Citrullus colocynthis (L.) Schrader)
Legume and oil seeds Entada (Entada africana), seed Seed of entada (Entada africana Guill. & Perr.)
Legume and oil seeds Guar (Cyamopsis tetragonoloba), seed, autoclaved Seed of guar (Cyamopsis tetragonoloba L.), autoclaved
Legume and oil seeds Lima bean (Phaseolus lunatus), fresh Lima bean seed (Phaseolus lunatus L.), fresh
Legume and oil seeds Mung bean (Vigna radiata), seed, autoclaved Seed of the mung bean (Vigna radiata (L.) Hepper), autoclaved
Legume and oil seeds Tepary bean (Phaseolus acutifolius), seed Seed of tepary bean (Phaseolus acutifolius A.Gray)
Legume and oil seeds Grass pea (Lathyrus sativus), seed, organic farming Grass pea (Lathyrus sativus L.), seeds, obtained by organic farming
Legume and oil seeds Sainfoin (Onobrychis viciifolia), seed, organic Seed of sainfoin (Onobrychis viciifolia Scop.) obtained by organic farming
Legume and oil seeds Sainfoin (Onobrychis viciifolia), seed, dehulled, organic Seed of sainfoin (Onobrychis viciifolia Scop.), dehulled, obtained by organic farming
Legume and oil seeds Groundnut seed, dehulled, ground Groundnut seed (Arachis hypogaea L.), decorticated and ground.
Legume and oil seeds Cajan pea (Cajanus cajan), seed, dehulled Pigeon pea seed (Cajanus cajan (L.) Huth), dehulled. The pigeon pea tree is a tropical legume shrub grown for its pods, seeds and leaves used to feed animals. Other names : pigeon pea, Congo pea, red gram, non-eye pea.
Legume and oil seeds Illipe (Madhuca longifolia), seed Seed of illipe (Madhuca longifolia (Koenig) Macbr.)
Legume and oil seeds Fonio (Digitaria exilis), grain, dehulled Fonio (Digitaria exilis Stapf), grain, dehulled
Legume and oil seeds Afzelia (Afzelia africana), seed Seed of afzelia (Afzelia africana Sm. ex Pers.)
Legume and oil seeds Afzelia (Afzelia africana), seed, toasted Seed of afzelia (Afzelia africana Sm. ex Pers.), toasted
Legume and oil seeds Brachystegia (Brachystegia eurycoma), seed Seed of brachystegia (Brachystegia eurycoma Harms)
Legume and oil seeds Viha (Typhonodorum lindleyanum), seed Seed of viha (Typhonodorum lindleyanum Schott)
Legume and oil seeds Fonio (Digitaria exilis), grain, whitened Fonio (Digitaria exilis Stapf), grain, whitened. Whitening (pearling) is the complete removal of bran. It is traditionally done by pounding the dehulled seeds in a mortar.
Legume and oil seeds Siamese senna (Senna siamea), seed Seed of siamese senna (Senna siamea (Lam.) H.S. Irwin & Barneby)
Legume and oil seeds Hemp seed, dehulled Hemp seed (Cannabis sativa L.), dehulled
Legume and oil seeds Palo verde (Parkinsonia microphylla), seed Seed of palo verde (Parkinsonia microphylla Torr.)
Legume and oil seeds Brea (Cercidium ×sonorae), seed Seed of brea (Cercidium ×sonorae Rose & I. M. Johnst.)
Legume and oil seeds Gatuña (Mimosa grahamii), seed Seed of gatuña (Mimosa grahamii A. Gray)
Legume and oil seeds Palo fierro (Olneya tesota), seed Seed of palo fierro (Olneya tesota A. Gray)
Legume and oil seeds Parkinsonia (Parkinsonia aculeata), seed Seed of parkinsonia (Parkinsonia aculeata L.)
Legume and oil seeds Wild buckwheat (Fallopia convolvulus), seed Seed of wild buckwheat (Fallopia convolvulus (L.) Á. Löve)
Legume and oil seeds Cocklebur (Xanthium strumarium), seed Seed of cocklebur (Xanthium strumarium L.)
Legume and oil seeds White goosefoot (Chenopodium album), seed Seed of white goosefoot (Chenopodium album L.)
Legume and oil seeds Curled dock (Rumex crispus), seed Seed of curled dock (Rumex crispus L.)
Legume and oil seeds Flixweed (Descurainia sophia), seed Seed of flixweed (Descurainia sophia (L.) Webb ex Prantl)
Legume and oil seeds Fumitory (Fumaria officinalis), seed Seed of fumitory (Fumaria officinalis L.)
Legume and oil seeds Belvedere (Bassia scoparia), seed Seed of belvedere (Bassia scoparia (L.) A. J. Scott)
Legume and oil seeds Wild mustard (Sinapis arvensis), seed Seed of wild mustard (Sinapis arvensis L.)
Legume and oil seeds Night-flowering catchfly (Silene noctiflora), seed Seed of night-flowering catchfly (Silene noctiflora L.)
Legume and oil seeds American pigweed (Amaranthus retroflexus), seed Seed of american pigweed (Amaranthus retroflexus L.)
Legume and oil seeds Prickly saltwort (Salsola kali), seed Seed of prickly saltwort (Salsola kali L.)
Legume and oil seeds Willow smartweed (Persicaria lapathifolia), seed Seed of willow smartweed (Persicaria lapathifolia (L.) Delarbre)
Legume and oil seeds Pink smartweed (Persicaria pensylvanica), seed Seed of pink smartweed (Persicaria pensylvanica (L.) M. Gómez)
Legume and oil seeds Eleocharis (Eleocharis spp.), seed Seed of eleocharis (Eleocharis spp.)
Legume and oil seeds African spiderflower (Gynandropsis gynandra), seed Seed of african spiderflower (Gynandropsis gynandra (L.) Briq.)
Legume and oil seeds Sesban (Sesbania rostrata), seed Seed of sesban (Sesbania rostrata Bremek. & Oberm.)
Legume and oil seeds Coral tree (Erythrina variegata), seed Seed of coral tree (Erythrina variegata L.)
Legume and oil seeds Indigo (Indigofera linifolia), seed Seed of indigo (Indigofera linifolia (L. f.) Retz.)
Legume and oil seeds Horse gram (Macrotyloma uniflorum), seed Seed of horse gram (Macrotyloma uniflorum (Lam.) Verdc.)
Legume and oil seeds Flamboyant (Delonix regia), seed Seed of flamboyant (Delonix regia (Bojer) Raf.)
Legume and oil seeds Flamboyant (Delonix regia), seed, heated Seed of flamboyant (Delonix regia (Bojer) Raf.), treatedd with humid or dry heat
Legume and oil seeds Soapberry (Sapindus trifoliatus), seed Seed of soapberry (Sapindus trifoliatus L.)
Legume and oil seeds Red sandalwood (Adenanthera pavonina), seed Seed of red sandalwood (Adenanthera pavonina L.)
Legume and oil seeds Bitter gourd (Momordica charantia), seed Seed of bitter gourd (Momordica charantia L.)
Legume and oil seeds Ginger (Zingiber officinale), seed Seed of ginger (Zingiber officinale Roscoe)
Legume and oil seeds Potato, seed Seed of potato (Solanum tuberosum L.)
Legume and oil seeds Foxtail amaranth (Amaranthus caudatus), seed Seed of foxtail amaranth (Amaranthus caudatus L.)
Legume and oil seeds Red amaranth (Amaranthus cruentus), seed Seed of red amaranth (Amaranthus cruentus L.)
Legume and oil seeds Green amaranth (Amaranthus hybridus), seed Seed of green amaranth (Amaranthus hybridus L.)
Legume and oil seeds Green amaranth (Amaranthus viridis), seed Seed of green amaranth (Amaranthus viridis L.)
Legume and oil seeds Powell's amaranth (Amaranthus powellii), seed Seed of powell's amaranth (Amaranthus powellii S. Watson)
Legume and oil seeds African amaranth (Amaranthus muricatus), seed Seed of african amaranth (Amaranthus muricatus (Moq.) Hieron.)
Legume and oil seeds Low amaranth (Amaranthus deflexus), seed Seed of low amaranth (Amaranthus deflexus L.)
Legume and oil seeds Amaranth (Amaranthus graecizans), seed Seed of amaranth (Amaranthus graecizans L.)
Legume and oil seeds Mat amaranth (Amaranthus blitoides), seed Seed of mat amaranth (Amaranthus blitoides S. Watson)
Legume and oil seeds Livid amaranth (Amaranthus blitum), seed Seed of livid amaranth (Amaranthus blitum L.)
Legume and oil seeds White amaranth (Amaranthus albus), seed Seed of white amaranth (Amaranthus albus L.)
Legume and oil seeds Prince-of-Wales feather (Amaranthus hypochondriacus), seed Seed of prince-of-Wales feather (Amaranthus hypochondriacus L.)
Legume and oil seeds Honey mesquite (Prosopis glandulosa), seed Seed of honey mesquite (Prosopis glandulosa Torr.)
Legume and oil seeds Marula (Sclerocarya birrea), seeds, dehulled Marula (Sclerocarya birrea (A. Rich.) Hochst.), seeds, dehulled (kernels)
Legume and oil seeds Colocynth (Citrullus colocynthis), seed, dehulled Dehulled seed of colocynth (Citrullus colocynthis (L.) Schrader)
Legume and oil seeds Ivy gourd (Coccinia grandis), seed Seed of ivy gourd (Coccinia grandis (L.) Voigt)
Legume and oil seeds Wild cucumber (Cucumis prophetarum), seed Seed of wild cucumber (Cucumis prophetarum L.)
Legume and oil seeds Jack tree (Artocarpus heterophyllus), seed Seed of jack tree (Artocarpus heterophyllus Lam.)
Legume and oil seeds Pine (Pinus sp.), seed, dehulled Seed of pine (Pinus sp.). Synonym: pine nut
Legume and oil seeds Pistachio (Pistacia vera), seed, dehulled Seed of pistachio (Pistacia vera L.), dehulled
Legume and oil seeds Ethiopian mustard (Brassica carinata), seed Seed of ethiopian mustard (Brassica carinata A. Braun)
Legume and oil seeds Lentil seed, steamed Seed of lentil, steamed (Lens culinaris Medik.).
Legume and oil seeds Lentil seed, extruded Seed of lentil, extruded (Lens culinaris Medik.).
Legume and oil seeds Milk thistle (Silybum marianum), seed Seed of milk thistle (Silybum marianum (L.) Gaertn.)
Legume and oil seeds Coriander (Coriandrum sativum), seed Seed of coriander (Coriandrum sativum L.)
Roots and tubers Cassava root, pellets Dehydrated, pelleted cassava root (Manihot esculenta Crantz). Pellets have a diameter of 4-8 mm and are 1-2 cm long.
Roots and tubers Cassava root, dehydrated Dehydrated cassava root (Manihot esculenta Crantz) of unspecified type or quality. Cassava chips are made of dried chunks of 2-5 cm length. Cassava pellets have a diameter of 4-8 mm and are 1-2 cm long. Hard pellets are particularly compact industrial pellets.
Roots and tubers Cassava root, dehydrated, detoxified by soaking Dehydrated aerial part of cassava (Manihot esculenta Crantz), detoxified by soaking.
Roots and tubers Cassava root, dehydrated, urea added Dehydrated cassava root (Manihot esculenta Crantz), with addition of urea.
Roots and tubers Cassava root, starch 72% Dehydrated cassava root (Manihot esculenta Crantz) guaranteed to contain more than 72% starch.
Roots and tubers Cassava root, not peeled, dehydrated Dehydrated cassava root (Manihot esculenta Crantz), with the peel. Cassava is usually peeled to detoxify it.
Roots and tubers Cassava root, pellets, starch 62-65% Dehydrated, pelleted cassava root (Manihot esculenta Crantz). Pellets have a diameter of 4-8 mm and are 1-2 cm long. This product is guaranteed to contain at least 62% starch.
Roots and tubers Cassava root, hard pellets, starch 65% Dehydrated, pelleted cassava root (Manihot esculenta Crantz). Pellets have a diameter of 4-8 mm and are 1-2 cm long. Hard pellets are particularly compact industrial pellets. It is guaranteed to contain more than 65% starch
Roots and tubers Cassava root, chips, starch 67% Dehydrated cassava root (Manihot esculenta Crantz), sold as 2-5 cm chips, guaranteed to contain more than 67% starch.
Roots and tubers Cassava root, starch 70% Dehydrated cassava root (Manihot esculenta Crantz) guaranteed to contain more than 70% starch.
Roots and tubers Cassava and extruded rapeseed (25:75) Mixture of cassava (Manihot esculenta Crantz) hard pellets and extruded rapeseed (Brassica napus L. var. napus).
Roots and tubers Cassava flour Flour made of cassava root (Manihot esculenta Crantz). This product contains more starch and less fibre than the unprocessed cassava root.
Roots and tubers Cassava roots, fresh Cassava roots, fresh
Roots and tubers Cassava distillers grains, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of the distillation of cassava roots (Manihot esculenta Crantz) for the fabrication of alcohol.
Roots and tubers Cassava root, fermented Dehydrated, fermented cassava root (Manihot esculenta Crantz).
Roots and tubers Potato tuber, peeled, cooked and dehydrated Potato tubers (Solanum tuberosum L.) steam-peeled, cooked and dehydrated.
Roots and tubers Potato tuber, raw Raw potato tubers (Solanum tuberosum L.).
Roots and tubers Potato tuber, flaked and dehydrated Dehydrated and flaked potato tubers (Solanum tuberosum L.).
Roots and tubers Potato tuber, germinated Raw and germinated potato tubers (Solanum tuberosum L.).
Roots and tubers Potato tuber, ensiled Ensiled potato tubers (Solanum tuberosum L.). The sample is made from rejected potatoes.
Roots and tubers Potato tuber, dehydrated Dehydrated potato tubers (Solanum tuberosum L.).
Roots and tubers Potato tuber, steam-cooked Steam-cooked potato tuber (Solanum tuberosum L.).
Roots and tubers Potato french fries, partially fried Byproduct of the French fries processing, consisting of partially fried potato fries (Solanum tuberosum L.).
Roots and tubers Potato tuber, whole, frozen Whole frozen potato tubers (Solanum tuberosum L.).
Roots and tubers Potato used for french fries, before frying Byproduct of the French fries processing, consisting of raw potato slices (Solanum tuberosum L.), before frying.
Roots and tubers Potato tuber, raw, organic Raw potato tubers (Solanum tuberosum L.), obtained by organic farming
Roots and tubers Potato tuber, cooked, organic Potato tubers (Solanum tuberosum L.), cooked, obtained by organic farming
Roots and tubers Sweet potato (Ipomoea batatas), tuber, dehydrated Dehydrated sweet potato tuber (Ipomoea batatas (L.) Lam.).
Roots and tubers Swede root, fresh Fresh sweed root (Brassica napus L.).
Roots and tubers Salsify (Tragopogon porrifolium) root, dehydrated Dehydrated salsify root (Tragopogon porrifolium L.).
Roots and tubers Beet, fodder, fresh Raw root of the fodder beet (Beta vulgaris L.).
Roots and tubers Swede root, fresh, sliced and macerated Fresh sweed root (Brassica napus L.), sliced and macerated in water.
Roots and tubers White yam (Dioscorea rotundata), tuber, dehydrated Dehydrated white yam tuber (Dioscorea rotundata Poir.).
Roots and tubers Taro (Colocasia esculenta), tuber, dehydrated Dehydrated taro tuber (Colocasia esculenta (L.) Schott). Taro tubers are mainly used for food. The tubers contained crystals of calcium oxalate (and possibly other substances) that are irritating for the digestive tract and that are destroyed by cooking.
Roots and tubers Carrot, dehydrated Dehydrated root of carrot (Daucus carota L.).
Roots and tubers Endive (Cichorium intybus), root, fresh Fresh endive root (Cichorium intybus L.) Witloof type.
Roots and tubers Jerusalem artichoke (Helianthus tuberosus), tuber, dehydrated Dehydrated tuber of jerusalem artichoke (Helianthus tuberosus L.).
Roots and tubers Beet, sugar, fresh Fresh root of the sugar beet (Beta vulgaris L.).
Roots and tubers Carrot, fresh Fresh root of carrot (Daucus carota L.).
Roots and tubers Sweet potato (Ipomoea batatas), tuber, fresh Fresh sweet potato tuber (Ipomoea batatas (L.) Lam.).
Roots and tubers Winged yam (Dioscorea alata), tuber, fresh Fresh winged yam tuber (Dioscorea alata L.).
Roots and tubers Malanga (Xanthosoma sagittifolium), tuber, fresh Fresh malanga tuber (Xanthosoma sagittifolium Shott). The malanga is an American tuber plant related to colocase. Other names : tannia, new cocoyam.
Roots and tubers Yellow yam (Dioscorea cayenensis), tuber, dehydrated Dehydrated yellow yam tuber (Dioscorea cayenensis Lam.).
Roots and tubers Bitter yam (Dioscorea dumetorum), tuber, dehydrated Dehydrated bitter yam tuber (Dioscorea dumetorum (Kunth) Pax). Other names : traveller's yam, cluster yam.
Roots and tubers Canna (Canna indica), tuber, dehydrated Dehydated canna tuber (Canna indica L.). The canna is a tropical plant (Africa, Oceania) grown for its tubers (feed and food).
Roots and tubers Yam (Dioscorea spp.), tuber, fresh Fresh yam tuber (Dioscorea spp.).
Roots and tubers Yam (Dioscorea spp.), tuber, peeled, ground, fresh Fresh yam tuber (Dioscorea spp.), probably peeled and ground.
Roots and tubers Beet, sugar, steam-cooked Steam-cooked root of sugar beet (Beta vulgaris L.).
Roots and tubers Beet, red, fresh Fresh root of the red beet (Beta vulgaris L.). The red beets are grown as vegetables.
Roots and tubers Taro (Colocasia esculenta), tuber, peeled, dehydrated Dehydrated and peeled taro tuber (Colocasia esculenta (L.) Schott). Taro tubers are mainly used for food. The tubers contained crystals of calcium oxalate (and possibly other substances) that are irritating for the digestive tract and that are destroyed by cooking.
Roots and tubers Taro (Colocasia esculenta), tuber, cooked, dehydrated Dehydrated and cooked taro tuber (Colocasia esculenta (L.) Schott). Taro tubers are mainly used for food. The tubers contained crystals of calcium oxalate (and possibly other substances) that are irritating for the digestive tract and that are destroyed by cooking.
Roots and tubers Taro (Colocasia esculenta), tuber, cooked, peeled and dehydrated Dehydrated, peeled and cooked taro tuber (Colocasia esculenta (L.) Schott). Taro tubers are mainly used for food. The tubers contained crystals of calcium oxalate (and possibly other substances) that are irritating for the digestive tract and that are destroyed by cooking.
Roots and tubers Gamba grass (Andropogon gayanus), root Gamba grass (Andropogon gayanus Kunth), root
Roots and tubers Desert date (Balanites aegyptiacus), root, dry Desert date (Balanites aegyptiacus (L.) Delile), root
Roots and tubers Chicory (Cichorium intybus), root, fresh Chicory (Cichorium intybus L.), root, fresh
Roots and tubers Commiphora (Commiphora africana), root, dry Commiphora (Commiphora africana (A. Rich.) Engl.), root
Roots and tubers Bitter yam (Dioscorea dumetorum), tuber, fresh Bitter yam (Dioscorea dumetorum (Kunth) Pax), tuber, fresh
Roots and tubers Yam (Dioscorea schimperiana), tuber, fresh Yam (Dioscorea schimperiana Hochst. ex Kunth), tuber, fresh
Roots and tubers Guiera (Guiera senegalensis), root, dry Guiera (Guiera senegalensis JF. Gmel.), root
Roots and tubers Jerusalem artichoke (Helianthus tuberosus), tuber, fresh Jerusalem artichoke (Helianthus tuberosus L.), tuber, fresh
Roots and tubers Taro (Colocasia esculenta), tuber, fresh Taro (Colocasia esculenta (L.) Schott), tuber, fresh
Roots and tubers Taro (Colocasia esculenta), tuber, peeled, fresh Taro (Colocasia esculenta (L.) Schott), tuber, peeled, fresh
Roots and tubers Ethiopian banana (Ensete ventricosum), corms, fresh Ethiopian banana (Ensete ventricosum (Welw.) Cheesman), corms, fresh
Roots and tubers Turnip, roots, fresh Fresh roots of turnip (Brassica rapa L.).
Roots and tubers Canna (Canna indica), tuber, fresh Fresh canna tuber (Canna indica L.). The canna is a tropical plant (Africa, Oceania) grown for its tubers (feed and food).
Roots and tubers Yam (Dioscorea esculenta), tuber, fresh Fresh yam tuber (Dioscorea esculenta (Lour.) Burkill).
Roots and tubers Yam (Dioscorea esculenta), tuber, peeled, fresh Fresh and peled yam tuber (Dioscorea esculenta (Lour.) Burkill).
Roots and tubers White yam (Dioscorea rotundata), tuber, fresh Fresh white yam tuber (Dioscorea rotundata Poir.).
Roots and tubers White yam (Dioscorea rotundata), tuber, peeled, fresh Fresh and peeled white yam tuber (Dioscorea rotundata Poir.).
Roots and tubers Winged yam (Dioscorea alata), tuber, peeled, fresh Fresh and peeled winged yam tuber (Dioscorea alata L.).
Roots and tubers Yellow yam (Dioscorea cayenensis), tuber, peeled, fresh Fresh and peeled white yam tuber (Dioscorea cayenensis Lam.).
Roots and tubers Yacon (Smallanthus sonchifolius), tuber, peeled Tuber of the yacon (Smallanthus sonchifolius (Poepp.) H.Rob.), peeled
Roots and tubers Whitespot giant arum (Amorphophallus paeoniifolius), tuber Tuber of the whitespot giant arum (Amorphophallus paeoniifolius (Dennst.) Nicolson), fresh
Roots and tubers Kudzu (Pueraria montana), tuber, fresh Tuber of the kudzu (Pueraria montana (Lour.) Merr.), fresh
Roots and tubers Sweet potato (Ipomoea batatas), tuber, cooked, fresh Fresh and cooked sweet potato tuber (Ipomoea batatas (L.) Lam.).
Roots and tubers Ginger (Zingiber officinale), roots, fresh Roots (rhizomes) of ginger (Zingiber officinale Roscoe).
Roots and tubers Carrot, whole plant, dehydrated Carrot (Daucus carota L.), whole plant, dehydrated
Roots and tubers Boscia (Boscia angustifolia), root, fresh Root of the boscia (Boscia angustifolia A. Rich.), fresh
Roots and tubers Indigo (Indigofera schimperi), root, fresh Root of the indigo (Indigofera schimperi Jaub. & Spach), fresh
Roots and tubers Spathionema (Spathionema kilimandscharicum), tuber, fresh Tuber of the spathionema (Spathionema kilimandscharicum Taub.), fresh
Roots and tubers Rhoicissus (Rhoicissus revoilii), tuber, fresh Tuber of the rhoicissus (Rhoicissus revoilii Planch.), fresh
Roots and tubers Nut grass (Cyperus esculentus), tuber, dry Tuber of the nut grass (Cyperus esculentus L.), dry
Roots and tubers Rizga (Plectranthus esculentus), tuber, dry Tuber of the rizga (Plectranthus esculentus N.E.Br.), dry
Roots and tubers Beet, fodder, whole (root and leaves), fresh Fresh fodder beet (Beta vulgaris L.), whole (root and leaves)
Roots and tubers Beet, fodder, dried Dried root of the fodder beet (Beta vulgaris L.).
Other plant products Beet pulp, dehydrated Byproduct of the manufacture of sugar, consisting of extracted and dried pieces of sugar-beet (Beta vulgaris L.).
Other plant products Beet pulp, dehydrated, alkalin extraction Byproduct of the manufacture of sugar, consisting of extracted and dried pieces of sugar-beet (Beta vulgaris L.). The sugar is extracted with calcium saccharate.
Other plant products Beet pulp, dehydrated, low-temperature Byproduct of the manufacture of sugar, consisting of extracted and dried pieces of sugar-beet (Beta vulgaris L.), dehydrated a low temperature (regular dehydration occurs at high temperature).
Other plant products Beet pulp, pressed Byproduct of the manufacture of sugar, consisting of extracted pieces of sugar-beet (Beta vulgaris L.) and pressed to remove excess moisture up to a content of 20% water. The pressure requires calcium sulfate as an additive.
Other plant products Beet pulp, dehydrated, vinasse and minerals added Byproduct of the manufacture of sugar, consisting of extracted and dried pieces of sugar-beet (Beta vulgaris L.), with addition of vinasse and minerals.
Other plant products Beet pulp, dehydrated, crude fibre < 14% Byproduct of the manufacture of sugar, consisting of extracted and dried pieces of sugar-beet (Beta vulgaris L.). These samples contain less than 14% (as fed) of crude fibre (vs 18% for regular pulp). Particulary, some of these pulps are from the UK.
Other plant products Beet pulp, dehydrated, vinasse and urea added Byproduct of the manufacture of sugar, consisting of extracted and dried pieces of sugar-beet (Beta vulgaris L.), with addition of vinasse and urea.
Other plant products Beet pulp, ensiled Ensiled byproduct of the manufacture of sugar, consisting of extracted pieces of sugar-beet (Beta vulgaris L.).
Other plant products Beet pulp, pressed, molasses added Byproduct of the manufacture of sugar, consisting of extracted pieces of sugar-beet (Beta vulgaris L.) and pressed to remove excess moisture up to a content of 20% water, with addition of molasses.
Other plant products Beet pulp, dehydrated, China Byproduct of the manufacture of sugar, consisting of extracted and dried pieces of sugar-beet (Beta vulgaris L.) from China.
Other plant products Beet pulp, pressed, ensiled Ensiled byproduct of the manufacture of sugar, consisting of extracted pieces of sugar-beet (Beta vulgaris L.) and pressed to remove excess moisture up to a content of 20% water.  The pressure requires calcium sulfate as an additive.
Other plant products Beet pulp, dehydrated, USA Byproduct of the manufacture of sugar, consisting of extracted and dried pieces of sugar-beet (Beta vulgaris L.), made in the USA. The samples have a much higher crude protein content (14% DM) than the French one.
Other plant products Beet pulp, fresh Fresh byproduct of the manufacture of sugar, consisting of extracted pieces of sugar-beet (Beta vulgaris L.)
Other plant products Beet pulp, dehydrated, molasses added, sugar > 18% Byproduct of the manufacture of sugar, consisting of extracted and dried pieces of sugar-beet (Beta vulgaris L.), with addition of molasses, containing more than 18% (as fed) of sugar.
Other plant products Beet pulp, red, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of the processing of red sugar-beet (Beta vulgaris L.).
Other plant products Beet puree, fresh Fresh, ground beet roots (Beta vulgaris L.).
Other plant products Potato pulp, dehydrated, protein < 8% Dehydrated byproduct of potato processing (Solanum tuberosum L.), and particularly from starch manufacture. These pulps contain crude fibre (> 10% as fed), starch in variable amount  (from 20 to 60%) and a little protein (< 8% as fed).
Other plant products Liquid potato feed, fresh Fresh byproduct of potato processing (Solanum tuberosum L.), consisting of potato peels obtained by steam-peeling and discarded potatoes. This product has a low fibre content (CF < 10% DM), a higher starch content than potato pulp (around 50% DM), and 10-20% DM of crude protein. The sample comes from McCain Foods Ltd.
Other plant products Liquid potato feed, ensiled Fresh byproduct of potato processing (Solanum tuberosum L.), consisting of potato peels obtained by steam-peeling and discarded potatoes. This product has a low fibre content (CF < 10% DM), a higher starch content than potato pulp (around 50% DM), and 10-20% DM of crude protein. The sample comes from McCain Foods Ltd.
Other plant products Potato pulp, ensiled Ensiled byproduct of potato processing (Solanum tuberosum L.) , and particularly from starch manufacture. These pulps contain crude fibre (CF > 10%DM), starch in variable amount  (from 20 to 60%DM) and a little protein (<=8%DM).
Other plant products Potato solubles, concentrated, fresh Fresh byproduct of potato starch manufacture (Solanum tuberosum L.), concentrated down to 50-70% DM, with a high protein content (up to 35% DM, vs <8% DM for potato pulp).
Other plant products Potato peels, fresh Fresh byproduct of the potato industry (Solanum tuberosum L.), consisting of peels removed by steam peeling.
Other plant products Potato pulp, fresh Fresh byproduct of potato processing (Solanum tuberosum L.) , and particularly from starch manufacture. These pulps contain crude fibre (CF > 10%DM), starch in variable amount  (from 20 to 60%DM) and a little protein (<=8%DM).
Other plant products Potato pulp and solubles, dehydrated, protein > 8% Dehydrated byproduct of potato processing (Solanum tuberosum L.) , and particularly from starch manufacture. These pulps contain more than 8% (as fed) crude protein, due to the addition of protein-rich solubles.
Other plant products Mashed potatoes, fresh Fresh byproduct of potato processing (Solanum tuberosum L.), probably made of commercial mashed potatoes unfit for human consumption.
Other plant products Potato distillery byproduct Naturally dried byproduct of the production of ethanol from the fermentation of potato (Solanum tuberosum L.) waste products of various industrial origins. The product is extremely variable in nature and composition. It is described in detail in Kling, L.J., Bushway, R.J., Cleale, R.M., Bushway, A.A., 1986. Nutrient characteristics and glycoalkaloid content of potato distiller byproduct. J. Agric. Food Chem., 34:54-58.
Other plant products Potato pulp, ensiled, treated with a bacterial inoculant Ensiled byproduct of potato processing (Solanum tuberosum L.) , and particularly from starch manufacture, treated with a bacterial inoculant to improve fermentation quality.
Other plant products Potato peels, dried Fresh byproduct of the potato industry (Solanum tuberosum L.), consisting of peels.
Other plant products Mashed potatoes, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of potato processing (Solanum tuberosum L.), probably made of commercial mashed potatoes unfit for human consumption.
Other plant products Dates (Phoenix dactylifera), pitted, dehydrated Dehydrated dates, fruit of the date palm tree (Phoenix dactylifera L.).
Other plant products Banana, plantain, dehydrated Dehydrated banana (Musa x paradisiaca L.) of plantain type.
Other plant products Wild rose (Rosa canina), fruits, fresh Fresh, fleshy and edible container of the fruit of the wild rose tree (Rosa canina L.).
Other plant products Oak acorn, fresh Fresh oak acorn (Quercus spp.).
Other plant products Chestnut, dehulled, dehydrated and ground Dehydrated, decorticated and ground chestnuts (Castanea sativa Mill.).
Other plant products Chestnut, dehulled, fresh Fresh decorticated chestnuts (Castanea sativa Mill.).
Other plant products Banana, green, fresh Fresh green banana (Musa x paradisiaca L.).
Other plant products Banana, green, ensiled Ensiled green banana (Musa x paradisiaca L.).
Other plant products Banana, mature, fresh Fresh mature banana (Musa x paradisiaca L.).
Other plant products Banana, mature, ensiled Ensiled mature banana (Musa x paradisiaca L.).
Other plant products Chestnut (Castanea sativa), pulp, fresh Fresh, ground chestnuts (Castanea sativa Mill.), probably decorticated.
Other plant products Breadfruit tree (Artocarpus altilis), fruit, fresh Fresh fruit of the breadfruit tree (Artocarpus altilis Fosb.).
Other plant products Onion bulb, dehydrated Dehydrated onion (Allium cepa L.) bulb.
Other plant products Onion bulb, fresh Fresh onion (Allium cepa L.) bulb.
Other plant products Banana, plantain, fresh Fresh  banana fruit (Musa x paradisiaca L.) of plantain type.
Other plant products Doum palm (Hyphaene thebaica), nut, fresh Fruit of the doum palm tree (Hyphaene thebaica Mart.). The fruit is a very hard nut that must be ground to be fed to animals.
Other plant products Melon fruit, fresh Fresh melon fruit (Cucumis melo L.).
Other plant products Apple, fresh Fresh apple (Malus communis Poir.). Apples used in animal feeding are either unfit for human consumption or discarded due to surplus of production.
Other plant products Tomato, fresh Tomato fruit (Solanum lycopersicum Karst.).
Other plant products Horse chestnut (Aesculus hippocastaneum), seed Seed of the horse chestnut (Aesculus hippocastaneum L.).
Other plant products Hazelnut flour Unspecified product based on hazelnut (Corylus avellana L.). Since it is low in fat (<12%DM vs 60% for the whole nut without shell) and fibre, its precise nature is unknown.
Other plant products Banana, green, dehydrated Dehydrated green banana (Musa x paradisiaca L.).
Other plant products Artichoke, leaves and flowers, fresh Fresh artichoke leaves and flowers (Cynara cardunculus L.) discarded from the human food market.
Other plant products Cauliflower (Brassica oleracea), fresh Fresh cauliflower flower (Brassica oleracea L.), discarded from the human food market.
Other plant products Garlic bulb, fresh Fresh garlic bulp (Allium sativum L.).
Other plant products Baobab (Adansonia digitata), fruits, fresh Baobab (Adansonia digitata L.), fruits, fresh
Other plant products Cashew (Anacardium occidentale), apple, dried Cashew apple (Anacardium occidentale L.) dried. The cashew apple is a pseudofruit and a byproduct of the production of cashew nuts.
Other plant products Desert date (Balanites aegyptiacus), fruits, fresh Desert date (Balanites aegyptiacus (L.) Delile), fruits, fresh
Other plant products Desert date (Balanites aegyptiacus), fruit pits Desert date (Balanites aegyptiacus (L.) Delile), fruit pits
Other plant products Kapok (Ceiba pentandra), fruit pulp, fresh Kapok (Ceiba pentandra (L.) Gaertn.), fruit pulp, fresh
Other plant products Watermelon (Citrullus lanatus), fruit, fresh Watermelon (Citrullus lanatus (Thunb.) Matsun & Nakai), fruit, fresh
Other plant products Cycas (Cycas thouarsii), nut, fresh Cycas (Cycas thouarsii R. Br. ex Gaudich.), nut, fresh
Other plant products Ficus (Ficus sycomorus), fruits, dry Ficus (Ficus sycomorus L.), fruits, dried
Other plant products Honey locust (Gleditsia triacanthos), pulp, fresh Honey locust (Gleditsia triacanthos L.), pulp, fresh
Other plant products Doum palm (Hyphaene thebaica), nut, dry Doum palm (Hyphaene thebaica Mart.), nuts, dry
Other plant products Doum palm (Hyphaene thebaica), fruit pericarp, fresh Doum palm (Hyphaene thebaica Mart.), fruit pericarp, fresh
Other plant products Mango (Mangifera indica), pulp, fresh Mango (Mangifera indica), pulp, fresh
Other plant products Mango (Mangifera indica), pulp and kernels, dried Mango (Mangifera indica), pulp and kernels, dried
Other plant products Marula (Sclerocarya birrea), fruits, dry Marula (Sclerocarya birrea (A. Rich.) Hochst.), fruits
Other plant products Marula (Sclerocarya birrea), fruits, without pits, fresh Marula (Sclerocarya birrea (A. Rich.) Hochst.), pitted fruits
Other plant products Marula (Sclerocarya birrea), fruit pulp, fresh Marula (Sclerocarya birrea (A. Rich.) Hochst.), pulp de fruits, fresh
Other plant products Tamarind (Tamarindus indica), fruits, dry Tamarind (Tamarindus indica L.), fruits, dry
Other plant products Banana flour Dehydrated and ground banana (Musa x paradisiaca L.). This is  a food product.
Other plant products Apple, dehydrated Dehydrated apple (Malus communis Poir.).
Other plant products Cucumbert (Cucumis sativus), fruit, dehydrated Fruit (Cucumis sativus L.) of the gourd family, cultivated as a legume.
Other plant products Dates (Phoenix dactylifera), byproduct, dehydrated Date by-product from the processing of date palm fruit (Phoenix dactylifera L.). Due to the low fibre and high sugar content, this product consists probably of dehydrated fruit without stones.
Other plant products Guava (Psidium guajava), fruit, fresh Guava (Psidium guajava L.), fruit, fresh
Other plant products Cattley guava (Psidium cattleyanum), fruit, fresh Cattley guava (Psidium cattleyanum Sabine), fruit
Other plant products Pumpkin, fresh Fresh pumpkin (Cucurbita pepo L.) fruit.
Other plant products Banana, mature, dehydrated Dehydrated mature banana (Musa x paradisiaca L.).
Other plant products Banana, immature, peeled, dehydrated Dehydrated mature and peeled banana (Musa x paradisiaca L.).
Other plant products Banana, immature, peeled, fresh Fresh mature and peeled banana (Musa x paradisiaca L.).
Other plant products Banana, mature, peeled, fresh Fresh mature and peeled banana (Musa x paradisiaca L.).
Other plant products Okra (Abelmoschus esculentus), fruit, dry Gombo (Abelmoschus esculentus (L.) Moench), fruit, dry
Other plant products Okra (Abelmoschus esculentus), fruit, fresh Gombo (Abelmoschus esculentus (L.) Moench), fruit, fresh
Other plant products Papaya (Carica papaya), fresh Papaya fruit (Carica papaya L.), fresh
Other plant products Prickly pear (Opuntia ficus-indica), fruit, fresh Fresh prickly pear fruit (Opuntia ficus-indica (L.) Miller). Other name : opuntia.
Other plant products Bitter gourd (Momordica charantia), fruit, fresh Bitter gourd (Momordica charantia L.), fruit, fresh
Other plant products Brosimum (Brosimum alicastrum), fruits Brosimum (Brosimum alicastrum Swartz), fruits
Other plant products Spanish lime (Melicoccus bijugatus), fruit Fruit of the spanish lime (Melicoccus bijugatus Jacq.)
Other plant products Breadnut (Brosimum alicastrum), fruit pulp Breadnut (Brosimum alicastrum Swartz), fruit pulp
Other plant products Royal palm (Roystonea regia), fruit Fruit of the royal palm (Roystonea regia (Kunth) O.F.Cook)
Other plant products Argan (Argania spinosa), nuts Nuts of argan (Argania spinosa (L.) Skeels)
Other plant products Desert date (Balanites aegyptiacus), kernels Desert date (Balanites aegyptiacus (L.) Delile), kernels
Other plant products Desert date (Balanites aegyptiacus), fruits, dry Desert date (Balanites aegyptiacus (L.) Delile), fruits, dry
Other plant products Avocado (Persea americana), fruit, without stone Fruit of the avocado (Persea americana Mill.), without stone
Other plant products Prickly pear (Opuntia ficus-indica), fruit, dry Dry prickly pear fruit (Opuntia ficus-indica (L.) Miller). Other name : opuntia.
Other plant products Kigelia (Kigelia africana), fruit Fruit of the kigelia (Kigelia africana (Lam.) Benth.)
Other plant products Banana, plantain, peeled, cooked Banana fruit (Musa x paradisiaca L.) of plantain type, peeled and cooked
Other plant products Sugar palm (Borassus flabellifer), fruit Fruit of the sugar palm (Borassus flabellifer L.)
Other plant products Annatto (Bixa orellana), fruit pulp, fresh Fresh fruit pulp of the annatto (Bixa orellana L.)
Other plant products Banana, immature, cooked Banana fruit (Musa x paradisiaca L.), immature, cooked
Other plant products Banana, mature, cooked Banana fruit (Musa x paradisiaca L.), mature, cooked
Other plant products Grapefruit (Citrus paradisi), fruit, fresh Grapefruit (Citrus paradisi Macfad.), fruit, fresh
Other plant products Lime (Citrus aurantiifolia), fruit, fresh Fresh fruit of the lime tree (Citrus aurantiifolia Swingle)
Other plant products Macadamia (Macadamia integrifolia), nuts Nuts of macadamia (Macadamia integrifolia Maiden & Betche)
Other plant products Breadfruit tree (Artocarpus altilis), fruit, dry Dry fruit of the breadfruit tree (Artocarpus altilis Fosb.).
Other plant products Butternut squash (Cucurbita moschata), fruit, fresh Fruit of the butternut squash (Cucurbita moschata Duchesne), fresh
Other plant products Clementine (Citrus reticulata), fruit, fresh Clementine (Citrus reticulata L.), fresh fruit
Other plant products Dates (Phoenix dactylifera), byproduct, dehydrated, ash > 20% Date by-product from the processing of date palm fruit (Phoenix dactylifera L.).
Other plant products European blackberry (Rubus fruticosus), fruit Fruit of the European blackberry (Rubus fruticosus L.)
Other plant products Grapes, fresh Grapes (Vitis vinifera L.), fresh
Other plant products Mango (Mangifera indica), fruit, fresh Fruit of the mango tree (Mangifera indica L.), fresh
Other plant products Mango (Mangifera indica), pulp with stones, fresh Mango (Mangifera indica L.), pulp with stones, fresh
Other plant products Pear, fruit, fresh Pear (Pyrus communis L.), fruit, fresh
Other plant products Plum, fruit, fresh Pear (Prunus spp.), fruit, fresh
Other plant products Pumpkin, dried Dried pumpkin (Cucurbita pepo L.) fruit.
Other plant products Squash (Cucurbita spp.), fresh Fresh squash (Cucurbita spp.) fruit.
Other plant products Sweet pepper (Capsicum annuum), fruit, fresh Fruit of the sweet pepper (Capsicum annuum L.), fresh
Other plant products Annatto (Bixa orellana), seed, depigmented Seeds of annatto (Bixa orellana L.) after the removal of pigment.
Other plant products Breadfruit tree (Artocarpus altilis), fruit, peeled, dry Dry peeled fruit of the breadfruit tree (Artocarpus altilis Fosb.).
Other plant products Breadfruit tree (Artocarpus altilis), fruit, peeled, soaked, dry Dry peeled and soaked fruit of the breadfruit tree (Artocarpus altilis Fosb.).
Other plant products Breadfruit tree (Artocarpus altilis), fruit, soaked, dry Dry, whole, soaked fruit of the breadfruit tree (Artocarpus altilis Fosb.).
Other plant products Breadfruit tree (Artocarpus altilis), fruit, cooked, dry Dry, whole, cooked fruit of the breadfruit tree (Artocarpus altilis Fosb.).
Other plant products Breadfruit tree (Artocarpus altilis), fruit, fermented, dry Dry, whole, fermented fruit of the breadfruit tree (Artocarpus altilis Fosb.).
Other plant products Cashew (Anacardium occidentale), apple, fresh Cashew apple (Anacardium occidentale L.), fresh. The cashew apple is a pseudofruit and a byproduct of the production of cashew nuts.
Other plant products Nopal cascarón (Opuntia hyptiacantha), fruit Fruit of the nopal cascarón (Opuntia hyptiacantha F.A.C. Weber)
Other plant products Dates (Phoenix dactylifera), pitted, fresh Fresh dates, fruit of the date palm tree (Phoenix dactylifera L.).
Other plant products Luckynut (Thevetia peruviana), fruit Fruit of the luckynut (Thevetia peruviana (Pers.) K. Schum.)
Other plant products Cordia (Cordia sinensis), fruit Fruit of the cordia (Cordia sinensis Lam.)
Other plant products Cucumis (Cucumis spp.), fruit Fruit of the cucumis (Cucumis spp.)
Other plant products Lagenaria (Lagenaria sphaerica), fruit Fruit of the lagenaria (Lagenaria sphaerica (Sond.) Naudin)
Other plant products Kiwi (Actinidia deliciosa), fruit Fruit of the kiwi (Actinidia deliciosa (A. Chev.) C. F. Liang & A. R. Ferguson)
Other plant products Elmleaf blackberry (Rubus ulmifolius), fruit Fruit of the elmleaf blackberry (Rubus ulmifolius Schott)
Other plant products Balsam apple (Momordica balsamina), fruit Fruit of the balsam apple (Momordica balsamina L.)
Other plant products Peach palm (Bactris gasipaes), fruit, dehydrated Fruit of the peach palm (Bactris gasipaes Kunth), dehydrated
Other plant products Peach palm (Bactris gasipaes), fruit, fresh Fruit of the peach palm (Bactris gasipaes Kunth), fresh
Other plant products Assyrian plum (Cordia myxa), fruit Fruit of the Assyrian plum tree (Cordia myxa L.)
Other plant products Assyrian plum (Cordia myxa), fruit, destoned Fruit of the assyrian plum (Cordia myxa L.), without stones
Other plant products Jack tree (Artocarpus heterophyllus), fruit, fresh Fruit of the jack tree (Artocarpus heterophyllus Lam.), fresh
Other plant products Fig (Ficus carica), fruit, dried Dried fruit of the fig tree (Ficus carica L.)
Other plant products Passionfruit (Passiflora edulis), fruit, fresh Fruit of the passionfruit (Passiflora edulis Sims)
Other plant products Citrus pulp, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of the processing of citrus (Citrus spp.) for juice extraction or canning, consisting of fruit pulp, possibly with the peel and seeds.
Other plant products Citrus pulp, orange, fresh Fresh byproduct of the processing of oranges (Citrus sinensis (L.) Osb.) for juice extraction or canning, consisting of fruit pulp, possibly with the peel and seeds.
Other plant products Citrus pulp, clementine (Citrus reticulata), fresh Fresh byproduct of the processing of clementine (Citrus reticulata L.) for juice extraction or canning, consisting of fruit pulp, possibly with the peel and seeds.
Other plant products Citrus pulp, mandarin, fresh Fresh byproduct of the processing of mandarin (Citrus reticulata L.) for juice extraction or canning, consisting of fruit pulp, possibly with the peel and seeds.
Other plant products Citrus pulp, grapefruit (Citrus paradisi), fresh Fresh byproduct of the processing of grapefruit (Citrus paradisi Macfad.) for juice extraction or canning, consisting of fruit pulp, possibly with the peel and seeds.
Other plant products Citrus pulp, lemon, fresh Fresh byproduct of the processing of lemon (Citrus limon L.) for juice extraction or canning, consisting of fruit pulp, possibly with the peel and seeds.
Other plant products Orange albedo, dehydrated White part of orange rind (Citrus sinensis (L.) Osb.), dehydrated.
Other plant products Orange peels, distillation byproduct, dehydrated Dehydrated orange peels (Citrus sinensis (L.) Osb.), byproduct of the distillery of Cointreau.
Other plant products Citrus pulp, lemon, depectinated, fresh Fresh, depectinated byproduct of the processing of lemon (Citrus limon L.) for juice extraction or canning, consisting of fruit pulp, possibly with the peel and seeds.
Other plant products Lime (Citrus aurantiifolia), byproduct, dry Dehydrated byproduct of lime (Citrus aurantiifolia Swingle) processing.
Other plant products Bitter orange (Citrus aurantium), byproduct, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of bitter orange (bigarade) processing. Undefined product from Haïti.
Other plant products Citrus pulp, lemon, fresh, treated with calcium hydroxide Fresh byproduct of the processing of lemon (Citrus limon L.) for juice extraction or canning, consisting of fruit pulp, possibly with the peel and seeds, treated with calcium hydroxide. This treatement accelerates the dehydration process when the pulp is to be pelleted.
Other plant products Citrus pulp, orange, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of the processing of oranges (Citrus sinensis (L.) Osb.) for juice extraction or canning, consisting of fruit pulp, possibly with the peel and seeds.
Other plant products Citrus pulp, mandarin, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of the processing of mandarin (Citrus reticulata L.) for juice extraction or canning, consisting of fruit pulp, possibly with the peel and seeds.
Other plant products Limon, whole fruit, dehydrated Dehydrated whole lemon (Citrus lemon L.) fruit.
Other plant products Citrus pulp, lemon, dehydrated Fresh byproduct of the processing of lemon (Citrus limon L.) for juice extraction or canning, consisting of fruit pulp, possibly with the peel and seeds.
Other plant products Lime (Citrus aurantiifolia), peels Lime (Citrus aurantiifolia Swingle), peels
Other plant products Citrus pulp, dehydrated, ash > 8% Dehydrated byproduct of the processing of citrus (Citrus spp.) for juice extraction or canning, consisting of fruit pulp, possibly with the peel and seeds.
Other plant products Citrus pulp, fresh Fresh byproduct of the processing of citrus (Citrus spp.) for juice extraction or canning, consisting of fruit pulp, possibly with the peel and seeds.
Other plant products Citrus pulp, ensiled Ensiled byproduct of the processing of citrus (Citrus spp.) for juice extraction or canning, consisting of fruit pulp, possibly with the peel and seeds.
Other plant products Orange peels, fresh Orange peels, fresh (Citrus sinensis (L.) Osbeck)
Other plant products Citrus pulp, bitter orange, fresh Fresh byproduct of the processing of oranges (Citrus aurantium L.) for juice extraction or canning, consisting of fruit pulp, possibly with the peel and seeds.
Other plant products Citrus pulp, bitter orange, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of the processing of oranges (Citrus aurantium L.) for juice extraction or canning, consisting of fruit pulp, possibly with the peel and seeds.
Other plant products Citrus peels, bitter orange, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of the processing of oranges (Citrus aurantium L.) for juice extraction or canning, consisting of peels.
Other plant products Citrus pulp, lemon, defatted, fresh Fresh, defatted byproduct of the processing of lemon (Citrus limon L.) for juice extraction or canning, consisting of fruit pulp, possibly with the peel and seeds.
Other plant products Citrus pulp, lemon, defatted, dehydrated Dehydrated, defatted byproduct of the processing of lemon (Citrus limon L.) for juice extraction or canning, consisting of fruit pulp, possibly with the peel and seeds.
Other plant products Orange fruit, fresh Orange, fresh (Citrus sinensis (L.) Osbeck)
Other plant products Orange peels, silage Orange peels, silage (Citrus sinensis (L.) Osbeck)
Other plant products Apple pomace, fresh Fresh byproduct of the transformation of apples (Malus communis Poir.) for the manufacture of juice or cider. The pomace contains the peels, pulp and seeds.
Other plant products Apple pomace, ensiled Ensiled byproduct of the transformation of apples (Malus communis Poir.) for the manufacture of juice or cider. The pomace contains the peels, pulp and seeds.
Other plant products Cassava peels, dehydrated Dehydrated cassava peels (Manihot esculenta Crantz).
Other plant products Banana peels, plantain, immature, fresh Fresh plantain banana peel (Musa x paradisiaca L.), immature.
Other plant products Banana peels, plantain, mature, fresh Fresh plantain banana peel (Musa x paradisiaca L.), mature.
Other plant products Banana pulp, immature, fresh Fresh pulp of immature banana fruit (Musa x paradisiaca L.).
Other plant products Banana pulp, mature, fresh Fresh pulp of mature banana fruit (Musa x paradisiaca L.).
Other plant products Passion fruit (Passiflora edulis), peels, dry Peels of the passion fruit (Passiflora edulis Sims), dry
Other plant products Apple and quince pomace, fresh Fresh byproduct of the transformation of apples (Malus communis Poir.) and quinces (Cydonia oblonga Mill.) for the manufacture of juice. The pomace contains the peels, pulp and seeds.
Other plant products Apple pomace, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of the transformation of apples (Malus communis Poir.) for the manufacture of juice or cider. The pomace contains the peels, pulp and seeds.
Other plant products Banana peels, immature, fresh Fresh banana peel (Musa x paradisiaca L.), immature.
Other plant products Banana peels, mature, fresh Fresh banana peel (Musa x paradisiaca L.), immature.
Other plant products Banana peels, plantain, dehydrated Dehydrated plantain banana peel (Musa x paradisiaca L.).
Other plant products Tomato pulp, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of the processing of tomato (Solanum lycopersicum Karst.) for juice extraction or canning, consisting of the peel and possibly of the fruit pulp.
Other plant products Tomato skins, fresh Fresh tomato skins (Solanum lycopersicum Karst.).
Other plant products Pineapple canning byproduct, fresh Fresh byproduct of pineapple canning (Ananas comosus (L.) Merr.), made of peelings and of the fibrous core of the fruit.
Other plant products Pineapple canning byproduct, pressed, fresh Fresh byproduct of pineapple canning (Ananas comosus (L.) Merr.), obtained by pression of the peelings and of the fibrous core of the fruit.
Other plant products Yam (Discorea spp.) peels, fresh Fresh yam peels (Dioscorea spp.).
Other plant products Pineapple canning byproduct, pressed, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of pineapple canning (Ananas comosus (L.) Merr.), obtained by pression of the peelings and of the fibrous core of the fruit.
Other plant products Tomato pulp, dehydrated, NaOH-treated Dehydrated byproduct of the processing of tomato (Solanum lycopersicum Karst.) for juice extraction or canning, consisting of the peel and possibly of the fruit pulp, treated with alkali.
Other plant products Carrot pulp, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of the manufacture of carrot juice (Daucus carota L.).
Other plant products Mango (Mangifera indica), peels, dried Sun-dried mango peels (Mangifera indica L.), byproduct of the transformation of mango.
Other plant products Pear pulp, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of pear processing  (Pyrus communis L.) for cannery, including the peel and the fruit core.
Other plant products Pear pomace, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of the transformation of pears (Pyrus communis L.) for the manufacture of juice or alcohol. The pomace contains the peels, pulp and seeds.
Other plant products Fig (Ficus carica), pulp, fresh Fresh byproduct of the processing of fig fruit (Ficus carica L.).
Other plant products Tomato pulp, dehydrated, lignin < 10% Dehydrated byproduct of the processing of tomato (Solanum lycopersicum Karst.) for juice extraction or canning, consisting of the peel and possibly of the fruit pulp.
Other plant products Yam (Dioscorea spp.), peelings Yam (Dioscorea spp.), peelings
Other plant products Sweet potato (Ipomoea batatas), peelings, fresh Sweet potato (Ipomoea batatas (L.) Lam.). peelings, fresh
Other plant products Cassava peels, fresh Cassava peels, fresh
Other plant products Pineapple juice Pineapple juice (Ananas comosus (L.) Merr.).
Other plant products Tomato pulp, fresh Fresh byproduct of the processing of tomato (Solanum lycopersicum Karst.) for juice extraction or canning, consisting of the peel and possibly of the fruit pulp.
Other plant products Blackcurrant (Ribes nigrum), pulp, dehydrated By-product of blackcurrant processing (Ribes nigrum L.).
Other plant products Strawberry pulp, dehydrated By-product of strawberry processing (Fragaria × ananassa Duchesne).
Other plant products Blackcurrant (Ribes nigrum), pulp, fresh By-product of blackcurrant processing (Ribes nigrum L.).
Other plant products Cherry pulp, dehydrated By-product of cherry processing (Prunus avium L. and other species).
Other plant products Tomato pulp silage Ensiled byproduct of the processing of tomato (Solanum lycopersicum Karst.) for juice extraction or canning, consisting of the peel and possibly of the fruit pulp.
Other plant products Banana peels Banana peels (Musa spp.)
Other plant products Pineapple (Ananas comosus), peels, fresh Pineapple (Ananas comosus (L.) Merr.), peels, fresh
Other plant products Mango (Mangifera indica), peels, fresh Mango (Mangifera indica L.), peels, fresh
Other plant products Papaya (Carica papaya), peels, fresh Papaya (Carica papaya L.), peels, fresh
Other plant products Argan (Argania spinosa), nut pulp Argan (Argania spinosa (L.) Skeels), nut pulp
Other plant products Avocado (Persea americana), peels, fresh Avocado (Persea americana Mill.), peels, fresh
Other plant products Carrot peels, fresh Carrot peels, fresh (Daucus carota L.)
Other plant products Onion, peels, fresh Onion, peels, fresh (Allium cepa L.)
Other plant products Papaya (Carica papaya), peels, dry Papaya (Carica papaya L.), peels, dry
Other plant products Quince pomace, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of the transformation of quince (Cydonia oblonga Mill.) for the manufacture of juice. The pomace contains the peels, pulp and seeds.
Other plant products Fig (Ficus carica), pulp, dehydrated Fresh byproduct of the processing of fig fruit (Ficus carica L.).
Other plant products Tomato skins, dried Dried tomato skins (Solanum lycopersicum Karst.).
Other plant products Yam (Discorea esculenta) peels, fresh Fresh yam peels (Dioscorea esculenta (Lour.) Burkill).
Other plant products Yam (Discorea rotundata) peels, fresh Fresh yam peels (Dioscorea rotundata Poir.).
Other plant products Winged yam (Discorea alata) peels, fresh Fresh yam peels (Dioscorea alata L.).
Other plant products Yellow yam (Discorea cayenensis) peels, fresh Fresh yellow yam peels (Dioscorea cayenensis Lam.).
Other plant products Lime (Citrus aurantiifolia), peels silage Ensiled peels of lime (Citrus aurantiifolia Swingle)
Other plant products Grapefruit (Citrus paradisi), peels, fresh Fresh grapefruit peels (Citrus paradisi Macfad.).
Other plant products Grapefruit (Citrus paradisi), peels, silage Ensiled grapefruit peels (Citrus paradisi Macfad.).
Other plant products Cassava peels, ensiled Cassava (Manihot esculenta Crantz) peels, ensiled
Other plant products Imbu (Spondias tuberosa), pulp, fresh Fresh byproduct of the extraction of the juice of the imbu (Spondias tuberosa Arruda) fruit
Other plant products Mango (Mangifera indica), pulp, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of the extraction of mango (Mangifera indica L.) juice
Other plant products Mango (Mangifera indica), peels, silage Mango (Mangifera indica L.), peels, ensiled
Other plant products Papaya (Carica papaya), pulp, fresh Byproduct of the extraction of juice from the papaya (Carica papaya L.) fruit
Other plant products Papaya (Carica papaya), pulp, dehydrated Dehydrated Byproduct of the extraction of juice from the papaya (Carica papaya L.) fruit
Other plant products Rangpur (Citrus reticulata x Citrus lemon), pulp Byproduct of the extraction of juice from rangpur (Citrus reticulata x Citrus lemon)
Other plant products Annona (Annona muricata), pulp, fresh Fresh byproduct of the extraction of juice from the annona (Annona muricata L.) fruit
Other plant products Granadilla (Passiflora ligularis), pulp, fresh Fresh byproduct of the extraction of juice from granadilla (Passiflora ligularis Juss.) fruit
Other plant products Acerola (Malpighia emarginata), pulp, dried Dried byproduct of the extraction of juice from acerola (Malpighia emarginata DC.) fruits.
Other plant products Melon (Cucumis melo), pulp, dried Dehydrated byproduct of the extraction of melon (Cucumis melo L.) juice.
Other plant products Morinda (Morinda citrifolia), pulp, dried Byproduct of the extraction of the juice from the fruit of morinda (Morinda citrifolia L.) (noni)
Other plant products Passion fruit (Passiflora edulis), pulp, dried Dehydrated byproduct of the extraction of juice from passion fruit (Passiflora edulis Sims)
Other plant products Apple powder Dehydrated product of the transformation of apples (Malus communis Poir.).
Other plant products Chokeberry (Aronia melanocarpa), pulp, dried Dried byproduct of the extraction of juice from the chokeberry fruit (Aronia melanocarpa (Michx.) Elliott)
Other plant products Sweet potato (Ipomoea batatas), peelings, dried Sweet potato (Ipomoea batatas (L.) Lam.). peelings, dried
Other plant products Peach palm (Bactris gasipaes), fruit pulp, fresh Fresh pulp of the fruit of peach palm (Bactris gasipaes Kunth). Thisproduct does not include seeds.
Other plant products Peach palm (Bactris gasipaes), fruit pulp, silage Ensiled fruit pulp of peach palm (Bactris gasipaes Kunth)
Other plant products Peach palm (Bactris gasipaes), fruit pulp, dehydrated Dehydrated pulp of the fruit of peach palm (Bactris gasipaes Kunth)
Other plant products Passion fruit (Passiflora edulis), peels, fresh Peels of the passion fruit (Passiflora edulis Sims), fresh
Other plant products Acerola (Malpighia emarginata), pulp, fresh Dried byproduct of the extraction of juice from acerola (Malpighia emarginata DC.) fruits.
Other plant products Genipap (Genipa americana), pulp, fresh Byproduct of the extraction of juice from the genipap (Genipa americana L.) fruit
Other plant products Guava (Psidium guajava), pulp, fresh Byproduct of the extraction of juice from the fruit of guava (Psidium guajava L.)
Other plant products Pineapple (Ananas comosus), pulp, fresh Byproduct of the extraction of juice from pineapple (Ananas comosus (L.) Merr.)
Other plant products Tamarind (Tamarindus indica), pulp, fresh Byproduct of the extraction of juice from tamarind (Tamarindus indica L.)
Other plant products Molasses, sugarcane Byproduct consisting of the syrupy residue collected during the manufacture or refining of cane sugar (Saccharum officinarum L.).
Other plant products Molasses, beet Byproduct consisting of the syrupy residue collected during the manufacture or refining of beet sugar (Beta vulgaris L.).
Other plant products Molasses, wood, mineral content < 10% By-product of the manufacturing of pressed wood. It is the concentrated soluble material obtained from the treatment of wood at elevated temperature and pressure without the use of acids. alkalis or  salts. It contains  pentose and hexose sugars and has a total carbohydrate content of not less than 55%.
Other plant products Molasses, barley, starch extraction byproduct Byproduct consisting of the syrupy residue collected during the extraction of barley starch (Hordeum vulgare L.). Finnish product.
Other plant products Molasses, Molashine® Mixture of cane molasses and linseed oil (3 to 10%). This product contains also a flavouring agent and a fungicide. It is sold in France by France Mélasses.
Other plant products Molasses, soybean Moist, syrupy, sugar-rich (30% DM)  product extracted from the soybean seed by a process involving water and alcohol. It may be the same product as the one know as "condensed soybean solubles", a by-product of the making of concentrated soybean protein.
Other plant products Molasses, cane, dry matter > 80% Dried byproduct consisting of the syrupy residue collected during the manufacture or refining of cane sugar (Saccharum officinarum L.). The dry matter content is higher than 80%.
Other plant products Molasses, wood, mineral content > 10% By-product of the manufacturing of pressed wood. It is the concentrated soluble material obtained from the treatment of wood at elevated temperature and pressure without the use of acids. alkalis or  salts. It contains  pentose and hexose sugars and has a total carbohydrate content of not less than 55%.
Other plant products Glycerol et mélasse Calorimel® Mixture of 60% glycerol and 40% cane molasses. This product is sold in France by France Mélasses.
Other plant products Molasses, beet or sugar cane Byproduct consisting of the syrupy residue collected during the manufacture of cane sugar (Saccharum officinarum L.) or sugar beet (Beta vulgaris L.). This category contains molasses samples that were not properly identified.
Other plant products Molasses, sugarcane, organic Byproduct consisting of the syrupy residue collected during the manufacture or refining of cane sugar (Saccharum officinarum L.), obtained by organic farming.
Other plant products Molasses, citus Citrus molasses is a by-product of citrus juice extraction. The fresh pulp obtained after pressing the fruit is mixed with lime and pressed to remove moisture. The resulting liquid (press juice) is screened to remove the larger particles, sterilised by heating and concentrated. The resulting product contains 71-72% dry matter and 60-65% sugars. Citrus molasses is a thick viscous liquid, dark brown to almost black, with a very bitter taste. It is often sold to distilleries or reincorporated in the dried citrus pulp, but can also be fed directly to animals, or added to grass silage.
Other plant products Sugar cane syrup Byproduct of the manufacture of sugar cane syrup (Saccharum officinarum L.)
Other plant products Molasses, sugarcane, protein > 10% DM Byproduct consisting of the syrupy residue collected during the manufacture or refining of cane sugar (Saccharum officinarum L.).
Other plant products Vinasse, PRL 364 Vinasse obtained from the production of glutamic acid by fermentation of molasses, starch hydrolysates, sucrose or dextrose syrups. It has been chemically depotassified. Marketed in France as PRL 364 by France Mélasses. Formerly known as Protéinal
Other plant products Vinasse, Sirional Vinasse obtained from the production of lysine. It has been chemically depotassified. Sirional is the commercial name of a product made by Ajinomoto Eurolysine S.A.S.
Other plant products Vinasse, Proteilic 45 Demineralized vinasse obtained by mixing vinasses from different origins : byproduct of the fabrication of L-Lysine, byproduct of the fabrication of L-glutamic acid, and regular sugar beet vinasses. Proteilic is a brand name. 45 is the protein content (as fed).
Other plant products Vinasse, Prodyn Vinasse obtained from the alcohol distillery. It has been physically depotassified.
Other plant products Vinasse, beet, depotassified Beet vinasse (Beta vulgaris L.) depotassified by an unspecified treatment.
Other plant products Vinasse, yeast production, Viprotal 44 Vinasse obtained from the production of bakery yeast with beet or cane molasses. 44 is the expected nitrogen * 6,25 content. It has been depotassified by action of ammonium sulphate. This product is sold by Lesaffre.
Other plant products Vinasse Liquid byproduct resulting from the fermentation of molasses in the production of alcohols, yeast, citric acid and other organic substances. The vinasse is usually concentrated down to 55-75% dry matter. Vinasses from distillery are rich in potassium and can be depotassified by a chemical or physical treatment. These products are also called liquid protein concentrates
Other plant products Vinasse, beet, condensed Condensed beet vinasse (Beta vulgaris L.).
Other plant products Vinasse, bakery yeast production Vinasse obtained from the production of bakery yeast with beet or cane molasses. It has been partly depotassified by action of ammonium sulphate.
Other plant products Vinasse, yeast production, Safralic 26 Vinasse obtained from the production of bakery yeast with beet or cane molasses. 21 is the expected nitrogen * 6,25 content. It has been partly depotassified by action of ammonium sulphate. This product is sold by Lesaffre.
Other plant products Vinasse, citric acid Liquid byproduct obtained after fermentation of a substrate for the production of citric acid.
Other plant products Vinasse with yeast cell envelopes Mixture of vinasse and yeast cell envelopes (byproduct of yeast extract production) obtained after concentration. This product used to be sold by Lesaffre as ELVI and EX 16.
Other plant products Vinasse, ethanol Liquid byproduct obtained after fermentation of a substrate for the production of ethanol
Other plant products Vinasse, sugar cane, condensed Liquid byproduct resulting of the fermentation of sugar cane (Saccharum officinarum L.) molasses for alcohol distillation.
Other plant products Vinasse, yeast production, Viprotal 41 Vinasse obtained from the production of bakery yeast with beet or cane molasses. 41 is the expected nitrogen x 6,25 content. It has been depotassified by action of ammonium sulphate. This product is sold by Lesaffre.
Other plant products Vinasse, yeast production, Viprotal 48 Vinasse obtained from the production of bakery yeast with beet or cane molasses. 48 is the expected nitrogen * 6,25 content. It has been depotassified by action of ammonium sulphate. This product is sold by Lesaffre.
Other plant products Vinasse, yeast production, Safralic 21 Vinasse obtained from the production of bakery yeast with beet or cane molasses. 21 is the expected nitrogen * 6,25 content. It has been partly depotassified by action of ammonium sulphate. This product is sold by Lesaffre.
Other plant products Vinasse, yeast production, Safralic 30 Vinasse obtained from the production of bakery yeast with beet or cane molasses. 30 is the expected nitrogen x 6,25 content. It has been partly depotassified by action of ammonium sulphate. This product is sold by Lesaffre.
Other plant products Yeast cells envelopes, liquid Yeast cell walls and membranes remaining after autolysis of the yeast cream. Yeast cells walls are incoportated in liquid pig feeds.
Other plant products Vinasse, sugar cane, liquid Liquid byproduct resulting of the fermentation of sugar cane molasses for alcohol distillation.
Other plant products Vinasse, production of lactic acid Vinasse from the production of lactic acid, sold under the name Lactafeed.
Other plant products Vinasse, Proteilic 37 Demineralized vinasse obtained by mixing vinasses from different origins : byproduct of the fabrication of L-Lysine, byproduct of the fabrication of L-glutamic acid, and regular sugar beet vinasses. Proteilic is a brand name. 37 is the protein content (as fed).
Other plant products Vinasse, from amino acid production Liquid byproduct of the production of amino acids.
Other plant products Sunflower hulls Hulls of sunflower seed (Helianthus annuus L.), byproduct of oil extraction.
Other plant products Soybean hulls, protein < 18% Soybean hulls (Glycine max (L.) Merr.), byproduct of oil extraction.
Other plant products Rapeseed hulls Rapeseed hulls (Brassica napus L. var. napus).
Other plant products Faba bean hulls, high-tannin Faba bean hulls (Vicia faba L.) of high-tannin varieties.
Other plant products Pea hulls Pea hulls (Pisum spp.).
Other plant products Cocoa hulls Hulls of the cocoa bean (Theobroma cacao L.), byproduct of the decortication of the beans before extraction of cocoa butter. This product is different from cocoa pod husks. Other cocoa byproducts are sometimes erroneously referred to as "cocao hulls".
Other plant products Soybean hulls, protein > 18% Soybean hulls (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) with a high protein content.
Other plant products Groundnut hulls Groundnut hulls (Arachis hypogaea L.), untreated.
Other plant products Cotton hulls Hulls of cotton seeds (Gossypium spp).
Other plant products Squash (Cucurbita spp.), seed teguments Teguments of squash seed (Cucurbita spp.).
Other plant products Cocoa pod husks Empty husks of cocoa (Theobroma cacao L.), without the beans (removed to make chocolate). This product is different from the cocoa hulls (which are removed from the beans themselves).
Other plant products White lupin hulls Hulls of white lupin seeds (Lupinus albus L.).
Other plant products Safflower hulls Hulls of safflower seeds (Carthamus tinctorius L.).
Other plant products Leucanea (Leucaena leucocephala), pods, with immature seeds, fresh Leucanea (Leucaena leucocephala (Lam.) de Wit) pods, full, immature
Other plant products Leucanea (Leucaena leucocephala), pod husks, immature Leucanea (Leucaena leucocephala (Lam.) de Wit) pods, empty, immature
Other plant products Leucanea (Leucaena leucocephala), pods, with mature seeds, dry Leucanea (Leucaena leucocephala (Lam.) de Wit) pods with mature seeds, dry
Other plant products Leucanea (Leucaena leucocephala), pod husks, mature Leucanea (Leucaena leucocephala (Lam.) de Wit) pods, empty, mature
Other plant products Leucanea (Leucaena leucocephala), hulls Leucanea (Leucaena leucocephala (Lam.) de Wit) hulls
Other plant products Nutmeg (Myristica fragrans), hulls Hulls of nutmeg seeds (Myristica fragrans Houtt.), byproduct of the extraction of essential oils.
Other plant products Cotton linters Byproduct of cotton processing (Gossypium spp.), consisting of the short hair covering the seeds.
Other plant products Cashew nut (Anacardium occidentale) shells Shells of cashew nut (Anacardium occidentale L.).
Other plant products Almond (Prunus dulcis), hulls Byproduct of almond processing that consists of the dehydrated and ground hulls (mesocarp) of almond kernels (Prunus dulcis (Mill.) D. A. Webb). This product is less fibrous (10-15% of crude fibre) than the hard shells (endocarp) from the shelling of the kernels.
Other plant products Babul (Acacia nilotica), hulls Hulls of babul seeds (Acacia nilotica (L.) Willd. ex Delile).
Other plant products Rapeseed hulls, old varieties Rapeseed hulls (Brassica napus L. var. napus) from old varieties rich in erucic acid and glucosinolates
Other plant products Groundnut hulls, NaOH-treated Groundnut hulls (Arachis hypogaea L.) treated with alkali.
Other plant products Coconut hulls Hull of the coconut (Cocos nucifera L.).
Other plant products Rapeseed hulls, molasses added Rapeseed hulls (Brassica napus L. var. napus) with addition of molasses.
Other plant products Faba bean pod husks Empty faba bean pods (Vicia faba L. var. major).
Other plant products Pea pods, dry Pea pods (Pisum sativum L.) with seeds, dry
Other plant products Tamarugo (Prosopis tamarugo) pods Tamarugo pods (Prosopis tamarugo Phil.). The tamarugo is a Chilean shrub, drought-resistant and used as a browse species.
Other plant products Blue lupin (Lupinus angustifolius), hulls Hulls of blue lupin seeds (Lupinus angustifolius L.).
Other plant products Jack bean (Canavalia ensiformis), hulls Hulls of jack bean seeds (Canavalia ensiformis (L.) DC.).
Other plant products Mesquite (Prosopis chilensis), pods, dry Mesquite pods (Prosopis chilensis (Mol.) Stuntz) full of seeds. The mesquite is a South American tree whose seeds and pods are used as fodder. Other name : algaroba.
Other plant products Groundnut skins Byproduct of groundnut processing (Arachis hypogaea L.), composed of skins and kernel fragments.
Other plant products Cajan pea (Cajanus cajan), hulls Pigeon pea hulls (Cajanus cajan (L.) Huth).
Other plant products Chickpea (Cicer arietinum), hulls Chickpea hulls (Cicer arietinum L.).
Other plant products Carob pods, dry Dehydrated carob pods (Ceratonia siliqua L.) full of seeds.
Other plant products Carob pod meal Dehydrated, ground and empty carob pods (Ceratonia siliqua L.). This is a byproduct of the extraction of mannogalactan from the carob seeds. Carob meal is also used as a "diet" food and as a chocolate substitute. Synonym : carob pulp.
Other plant products Linseed capsules Byproduct of linseed oil extraction (Linum usitatissimum L.), consisting of the empty capsules after the seeds have been removed.
Other plant products Vetch byproduct Byproduct of vetch (Vicia or Lathyrus spp.) harvesting, consisting probably of seeds.
Other plant products Linseed chaff Linseed chaff (Linum usitatissimum L.). The composition is similar to the one of the linseed capsules and it could be the same product.
Other plant products Lupin pod husks, dry Dehydrated lupin pods (Lupin spp.) without the seeds.
Other plant products Coffee hulls Byproduct of coffee process (Coffea arabica L.). The hulls are the silvery membranes covering the coffee grain that remain once the pulp and the mucilage have been removed. The hulls are eliminated by thrashing and drying.
Other plant products Faba bean pod husks, dry Faba bean pods (Vicia faba L.), without seeds.
Other plant products Pea pod husks, dry Dehydrated pea pods (Pisum sativum L.), without seeds.
Other plant products Lupin cuticles Unidentified lupin (Lupinus spp.) byproduct, rich in protein and fat.
Other plant products Cocoa hulls, fresh Fresh hulls of the cocoa bean (Theobroma cacao L.), byproduct of the decortication of the beans before extraction of cocoa butter.
Other plant products Hevea (Hevea brasiliensis), hulls Hulls of hevea seeds (Hevea brasiliensis Muell.-Arg.).
Other plant products Cowpea (Vigna unguiculata), pod husks, dry Ground cowpea pods (Vigna unguiculata (L.) without seeds.
Other plant products Coffee pulp and hulls, dehydrated Naturally dried byproduct of the coffee processing (Coffea arabica L.). In the "wet" process, the fruit ("cherries") are let to soak in tank, where they are washed in running water and carried to a depulping machine. There is also a dry process where the fruit are first dehydrated, then decorticated. This product could be a mixture of pulp and another fibrous byproduct (called "pods" in the original document), probably hulls.
Other plant products Soybean hulls, toasted Soybean hulls (Glycine max (L.) Merr.), toasted.
Other plant products Cotton hulls, protein > 10% Hulls of cotton seeds (Gossypium spp) with a high protein content. It could be a finer fraction of ground hulls.
Other plant products African locust bean (Parkia biglobosa), pods, dry Pods of the African locust bean tree (Parkia biglobosa (Jacq.) G.Don). Other names : nere, nitta tree.
Other plant products Maize hulls Unidentified maize byproduct, rich in fibre (Zea mays L.). It could be a starch extraction byproduct containing maize bran, or a product based on maize cobs.
Other plant products Lentil bran Byproduct of lentil processing (Lens culinaris Medik.) possibly consisting of seed hulls and other seed fragments.
Other plant products Crambe (Crambe abyssinica), hulls Hulls of crambe seed (Crambe abyssinica Hochst), byproduct of the extraction of crambe oil.
Other plant products Cocoa hulls, crude fibre < 10% Hulls of the cocoa bean (Theobroma cacao L.), byproduct of the decortication of the beans before extraction of cocoa butter. This product contains less than 10% fibre (as fed).
Other plant products Faba bean hulls, low-tannin Faba bean hulls (Vicia faba L.) of low-tannin varieties.
Other plant products Faidherbia (Acacia albida), pods, dry Faidherbia pods (Faidherbia albida (Delile) A. Chev.) full of seeds. Syn: Acacia albida.
Other plant products Coffee peels Unidentified byproduct of coffee (Coffea arabica L.) transformation. This product is twice as rich in crude fibre than the hulls.
Other plant products Coffee hulls, fresh Fresh byproduct of coffee process (Coffea arabica L.). The hulls are the silvery membranes covering the coffee grain that remain once the pulp and the mucilage have been removed. The hulls are eliminated by thrashing and drying.
Other plant products Common bean (Phasolus vulgaris), pod husks, dry Dehydrated common bean pods (Phaseolus vulgaris L.), without seeds. It is a crop residue.
Other plant products Shive, byproduct of textile flax processing Byproduct of textile flax (Linum usitatissimum L.) processing, consisting of flax straw and other parts.
Other plant products Shive, byproduct of textile flax and hemp processing Byproduct of textile flax (Linum usitatissimum L.) and hemp (Cannabis sativa L.) processing, consisting of straw and other parts.
Other plant products Tamarind (Tamarindus indica), hulls Hulls of tamarin seeds (Tamarindus indica L.).
Other plant products Cocoa hulls, fat > 11% Hulls of the cocoa bean (Theobroma cacao L.), byproduct of the decortication of the beans before extraction of cocoa butter. This type of cocoa hulls has a fat content higher than 11% (as fed).
Other plant products Almond (Prunus dulcis), shells Byproduct of almond processing that consists of the shells (endocarp) of decorticated almond kernels (Prunus dulcis (Mill.) D. A. Webb). This product is different and more fibrous (40-50% crude fibre) than the hulls resulting from the removal of the kernels.
Other plant products Garlic husks Outer coverings of garlic bulbs (Allium sativum L.),
Other plant products Mesquite (Prosopis juliflora) pods, dry Dry mesquite pods (Prosopis juliflora (SW.) DC).
Other plant products Acacia (Acacia asak), pods, dry Acacia (Acacia asak (Forssk.) Willd.), pods
Other plant products Acacia (Acacia ataxacantha), pods, dry Acacia (Acacia ataxacantha DC.), pods, dry
Other plant products Huizache (Acacia farnesiana), pods Pods of huizache (Acacia farnesiana (L.) Willd.)
Other plant products Acacia (Senegalia laeta), pods, dry Acacia (Senegalia laeta (R.Br. ex Benth.) Seigler & Ebinger), pods, dry
Other plant products Acacia (Acacia macrostachya), pods, dry Acacia (Acacia macrostachya DC.), pods
Other plant products Babul (Acacia nilotica), pod husk, dry Babul (Acacia nilotica (L.) Willd. ex Delile), pod husks, dry
Other plant products Babul (Acacia nilotica), pods, dry Babul (Acacia nilotica (L.) Willd. ex Delile), pods
Other plant products Acacia (Acacia tortilis subsp. raddiana), pods, dry Acacia (Acacia tortilis (Forssk.) Hayne subsp. raddiana (Savi) Brenan), pods, dry
Other plant products Gum arabic tree (Acacia senegal), pods, dry Gum arabic tree (Acacia senegal (L.) Willd.), pods, dry
Other plant products Red acacia (Acacia seyal), pods, fresh Red acacia (Acacia seyal Del.), pods, fresh
Other plant products Red acacia (Acacia seyal), pods, dry Shittimwood (Acacia seyal Del.l), pods, dry
Other plant products Paperback thorn (Acacia sieberiana), pods, dry Paperback thorn (Acacia sieberiana), pods
Other plant products Umbrella thorn (Acacia tortilis), pods, fresh Umbrella thorn (Acacia tortilis (Forssk.) Hayne), pods, fresh
Other plant products Umbrella thorn (Acacia tortilis), pods, dry Umbrella thorn (Acacia tortilis (Forssk.) Hayne), pods, dry
Other plant products Groundnut pods, dry Groundnut (Arachis hypogaea L.) pods, with seeds
Other plant products Bauhinia (Bauhinia cheilantha), pods, dry Bauhinia (Bauhinia cheilantha Steud.), pods
Other plant products Bauhinia (Bauhinia rufescens), pods, fresh Bauhinia (Bauhinia rufescens Lam.), pods, fresh
Other plant products Bauhinia (Bauhinia rufescens), pods, dry Bauhinia (Bauhinia rufescens Lam.), pods, dry
Other plant products Brosimum (Brosimum alicastrum), fruit skins Brosimum (Brosimum alicastrum Swartz), fruit skins
Other plant products Caesalpinia (Caesalpinia ferrea), pods, dry Caesalpinia (Caesalpinia ferrea Martius), pods
Other plant products Sicklepod (Senna obtusifolia), pods, dry Sicklepod (Senna obtusifolia (L.) H.S. Irwin & Barneby), pods
Other plant products Siamese senna (Senna siamea), pods, dry Siamese senna (Senna siamea (Lam.) H.S. Irwin & Barneby), pods
Other plant products African laburnum (Cassia sieberiana), pods, dry African laburnum (Cassia sieberiana DC.), pods
Other plant products Cottonseed fruit hulls Cottonseed fruit hulls
Other plant products Cottonseed linters and hulls Cottonseed linters and hulls
Other plant products Cottonseed linters, treated with sulphuric acid Cottonseed linters, treated with sulphuric acid
Other plant products Crotalaria (Crotalaria podocarpa), pods, fresh Crotalaria (Crotalaria podocarpa DC.), pods, fresh
Other plant products Daniellia (Daniellia oliveri), pods, fresh Daniellia (Daniellia oliveri (Rolfe) Hutch. & Dalziel), pods, fresh
Other plant products Ana tree (Faidherbia albida), pod husks, dry Ana tree (Faidherbia albida (Delile) A. Chev.), pod husks
Other plant products Flemingia (Flemingia macrophylla), pods, dry Flemingia (Flemingia macrophylla (Willd.) Merr.), pods
Other plant products Honey locust (Gleditsia triacanthos), pod husks, fresh Honey locust (Gleditsia triacanthos L.), empty pods, fresh
Other plant products Honey locust (Gleditsia triacanthos), pod husks and pulp, fresh Honey locust (Gleditsia triacanthos L.), empty pods and pulp, fresh
Other plant products Hardwickia (Hardwickia binata), pods, fresh Hardwickia (Hardwickia binata Roxb.), pods, fresh
Other plant products Lysiphyllum (Lysiphyllum gilvum), pods, fresh Lysiphyllum (Lysiphyllum gilvum (Bailey) Pedley), pods, fresh
Other plant products Cowpea (Vigna unguiculata), pods, dry Cowpea (Vigna unguiculata (L.) Walp.), pods
Other plant products African locust bean (Parkia biglobosa), pod pulp, dry Nere (Parkia biglobosa (Jacq.) G.Don), pod pulp, dry
Other plant products Piliostigma (Piliostigma reticulatum), pods, dry Piliostigma (Piliostigma reticulatum (DC.) Hochst.), pods, dry
Other plant products Piliostigma (Piliostigma reticulatum), pods, fresh Piliostigma (Piliostigma reticulatum (DC.) Hochst.), pods, fresh
Other plant products Piliostigma (Piliostigma thonningii), pods, dry Piliostigma (Piliostigma thonningii (Schum.) Milne-Redh), pods, dry
Other plant products Manila tamarind (Pithecellobium dulce), pods, dry Manila tamarind (Pithecellobium dulce (Roxb.) Benth.), pods
Other plant products Prosopis (Prosopis africana), pods, fresh Prosopis (Prosopis africana (Guill. & Perr.) Taubert), pods, fresh
Other plant products Prosopis (Prosopis africana), pods, dry Prosopis (Prosopis africana (Guill. & Perr.) Taubert), pods, dry
Other plant products Pterocarpus (Pterocarpus lucens), pods, dry Pterocarpus (Pterocarpus lucens Guill. & Perr.), pods
Other plant products Rain tree (Albizia saman), pods, dry Rain tree (Albizia saman (Jacq.) Merr.), pods
Other plant products Terminalia (Terminalia sericea), pods, dry Terminalia (Terminalia sericea Burch. ex DC.), pods
Other plant products Tetrapleura (Tetrapleura tetraptera), pods, dry Tetrapleura (Tetrapleura tetraptera (Schum. & Thonn.) Taubert), pods, dry
Other plant products Babul (Acacia nilotica), pods, fresh Babul (Acacia nilotica (L.) Willd. ex Delile), pods, fresh
Other plant products Acacia (Acacia tortilis subsp. raddiana), pods, fresh Acacia (Acacia tortilis (Forssk.) Hayne subsp. raddiana (Savi) Brenan), pods, fresh
Other plant products Honey locust (Gleditsia triacanthos), pods, dry Honey locust (Gleditsia triacanthos L.), pods, dry
Other plant products Senna (Senna tora), pods, dry Senna (Senna tora (L.) Roxb.), pods
Other plant products Lupin bran By product of the transformation of lupin seeds (Lupinus spp.) containing part of the hulls.
Other plant products Soybean hulls, organic Soybean hulls (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) produced by organic farming.
Other plant products Hazelnut hulls Byproduct of the hazelnut (Corylus avellana L.) processing.
Other plant products Lentil byproduct Byproduct of lentil processing (Lens culinaris Medik.) possibly consisting of seed hulls and other seed fragments.
Other plant products Faba bean hulls Faba bean hulls (Vicia faba L.).
Other plant products Fenugreek (Trigonella foenum-graecum), hulls Hulls of fenugreek seeds (Trigonella foenum-graecum L.).
Other plant products Paraná pine (Araucaria angustifolia), shells Shells obtained from the processing of the seeds (pinhão) of the Paraná pine (Araucaria angustifolia (Bertol.) Kuntze), a popular food in Southern Brazil.
Other plant products Chickpea (Cicer arietinum), hulls, organic Chickpea hulls (Cicer arietinum L.).
Other plant products Cajan pea (Cajanus cajan), pod husks Cajan pea (Cajanus cajan (L.) Huth), pod husks
Other plant products Chickpea (Cicer arietinum), pod husks Chickpea pod husks (Cicer arietinum L.)
Other plant products Watermelon (Citrullus lanatus), hulls Watermelon (Citrullus lanatus (Thunb.) Matsun & Nakai), hulls
Other plant products Lentil pods husks Lentil pods husks (Lens culinaris Medik.)
Other plant products Moringa (Moringa oleifera), pods Moringa (Moringa oleifera Lam.), pods
Other plant products Argan (Argania spinosa), nut shells Argan (Argania spinosa (L.) Skeels), nut shells
Other plant products Grass pea (Lathyrus sativus), hulls Grass pea (Lathyrus sativus L.), hulls
Other plant products Lablab (Lablab purpureus), pod husks Lablab (Lablab purpureus (L.) Sweet.), pod husks
Other plant products Cowpea (Vigna unguiculata), pod husks, urea-treated Cowpea (Vigna unguiculata (L.) Walp.), pod husks, urea-treated
Other plant products Sour clover (Melilotus indicus), pods Sour clover (Melilotus indicus (L.) All.), pods
Other plant products Jatropha (Jatropha curcas) husks, dried Jatropha (Jatropha curcas L.) husks, dried
Other plant products Jatropha (Jatropha curcas) shells Jatropha (Jatropha curcas L.) shells
Other plant products Jatropha (Jatropha curcas) shells, non-toxic variety Jatropha (Jatropha curcas L.) shells, non-toxic variety
Other plant products Bitter gourd (Momordica charantia), hulls Bitter gourd (Momordica charantia L.), hulls
Other plant products Bottle gourd (Lagenaria siceraria), hulls Bottle gourd (Lagenaria siceraria (Molina) Standl.), hulls
Other plant products Cucumber (Cucumis sativus), hulls Cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.), hulls
Other plant products Luffa (Luffa aegyptiaca), hulls Luffa (Luffa aegyptiaca Mill.), hulls
Other plant products Melon (Cucumis melo), hulls Melon (Cucumis melo L.), hulls
Other plant products Butternut squash (Cucurbita moschata), hulls Butternut squash (Cucurbita moschata Duchesne), hulls
Other plant products Snake gourd (Trichosanthes cucumerina var. anguina), hulls Snake gourd (Trichosanthes cucumerina var. anguina (L.) Haines), hulls
Other plant products Moringa (Moringa oleifera), hulls Moringa (Moringa oleifera Lam.), hulls
Other plant products Moringa (Moringa stenopetala), pods Moringa (Moringa stenopetala (Baker f.) Cufod.), pods
Other plant products Jojoba (Simmondsia chinensis), hulls Jojoba (Simmondsia chinensis (Link) C. K. Schneid.), hulls
Other plant products Groundnut hulls, protein > 15% Groundnut hulls (Arachis hypogaea L.), untreated.
Other plant products Cucumber (Cucumis sativus), crop residues, fresh Cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.), crop residues, fresh
Other plant products Acacia (Acacia brevispica), pods, dry Acacia (Acacia brevispica Harms), pods
Other plant products Chickpea (Cicer arietinum), pods Chickpea pods (Cicer arietinum L.)
Other plant products Guar (Cyamopsis tetragonoloba) pods Guar (Cyamopsis tetragonoloba L.) pods
Other plant products Lablab (Lablab purpureus), pods Lablab (Lablab purpureus (L.) Sweet.), pods
Other plant products Moth bean (Vigna aconitifolia), pods Moth bean (Vigna aconitifolia (Jacq.) Marechal), pods
Other plant products Black gram (Vigna mungo), pods Mung bean (Vigna mungo (L.) Hepper) pods
Other plant products Black gram (Vigna mungo), pod husks Black gram (Vigna mungo (L.) Hepper) pods
Other plant products Mung bean (Vigna radiata), pod husks Mung bean (Vigna radiata (L.) R. Wilczek), pod husks
Other plant products Groundnut skins, oil > 30% Groundnut skins (Arachis hypogaea L.)
Other plant products Black cutch (Senegalia catechu), pods Black cutch (Senegalia catechu P.J.H. Hurter & Mabb.), pods
Other plant products African locust bean (Parkia filicoidea), pulp, dry African locust bean (Parkia filicoidea Welw. ex Oliv.), pod pulp, dry
Other plant products African locust bean (Parkia filicoidea), pod husks Pod husks of african locust bean (Parkia filicoidea Welw. ex Oliv)
Other plant products African locust bean (Parkia filicoidea), pods Pods of african locust bean (Parkia filicoidea Welw. ex Oliv.)
Other plant products Bambara groundnut (Vigna subterranea), pods Pods of Bambara groundnut (Vigna subterranea (L.) Verdc.)
Other plant products Cocoa pod husks, fresh Fresh empty husks of cocoa (Theobroma cacao L.).
Other plant products Lima bean (Phaseolus lunatus), pods Pods of Lima bean (Phaseolus lunatus L.)
Other plant products Kaunthia (Albizia amara), pods Pods of kaunthia (Albizia amara (Roxb.) B. Boivin)
Other plant products Camel thorn (Acacia erioloba), pods Pods of camel thorn (Acacia erioloba E.Mey.)
Other plant products Grey hair acacia (Acacia gerrardii), pods Pods of grey hair acacia (Acacia gerrardii Benth.)
Other plant products Guanacaste (Enterolobium cyclocarpum), pod husks Pod husks of guanacaste (Enterolobium cyclocarpum (Jacq.) Griseb.). Le guanacaste is a tropical tree from Central America and Asia.
Other plant products Acacia (Acacia macilenta), pods Pods of acacia (Acacia macilenta Rose)
Other plant products Acacia (Acacia riparia), pods Pods of acacia (Acacia riparia Kunth)
Other plant products Acacia (Acacia cochliacantha), pods Pods of acacia (Acacia cochliacantha Willd.)
Other plant products Bastard cedar (Guazuma ulmifolia), pods Pods of bastard cedar (Guazuma ulmifolia Lam.)
Other plant products Leucaena (Leucaena esculenta), pods Pods of leucaena (Leucaena esculenta (DC.) Benth.)
Other plant products Smooth mesquite (Prosopis laevigata), pods Pods of mooth mesquite (Prosopis laevigata (Willd.) M.C.Johnst.)
Other plant products Sideroxylon (Sideroxylon capiri), pods Pods of sideroxylon (Sideroxylon capiri (A.DC.) Pittier)
Other plant products Fenugreek (Trigonella foenum-graecum), pod husks Pod husks of fenugreek (Trigonella foenum-graecum L.)
Other plant products Annona (Annona spp.), hulls Hulls of annona (Annona spp.)
Other plant products Bauhinia (Bauhinia reticulata), pods Pods of bauhinia (Bauhinia reticulata DC.)
Other plant products Cowpea (Vigna unguiculata), hulls Hulls of cowpea (Vigna unguiculata (L.) Walp.)
Other plant products Agati (Sesbania grandiflora), pod husks Pod husks of agati (Sesbania grandiflora (L.) Pers.)
Other plant products Castor (Ricinus communis), hulls Hulls of castor (Ricinus communis L.)
Other plant products Lebbek (Albizia lebbeck), pods Pods of lebbek (Albizia lebbeck (L.) Benth.)
Other plant products Pea pods, silage Ensiled pea pods (Pisum sativum L.)
Other plant products Prosopis (Prosopis stephaniana), pod husks Pod husks of prosopis (Prosopis stephaniana (M. Bieb.) Kunth ex Spreng.)
Other plant products Velvet bean (Mucuna pruriens), pods Pods of velvet bean (Mucuna pruriens (L.) DC.)
Other plant products Velvet mesquite (Prosopis velutina), pod husks Pod husks of velvet mesquite (Prosopis velutina Wooton)
Other plant products Chascanum (Chascanum garipense), pods Pods of chascanum (Chascanum garipense E.Mey.)
Other plant products Flamboyant (Delonix regia), pods Pods of flamboyant (Delonix regia (Bojer) Raf.)
Other plant products Mesquite (Prosopis juliflora), pod pulp Pulp pods of mesquite (Prosopis juliflora (Sw.) DC.)
Other plant products Mesquite (Prosopis juliflora), pod husks Pod husks of mesquite (Prosopis juliflora (Sw.) DC.)
Other plant products Monkey thorn (Acacia galpinii), pods Pods of monkey thorn (Acacia galpinii Burtt Davy)
Other plant products Orchid tree (Bauhinia galpinii), pods Pods of orchid tree (Bauhinia galpinii N.E.Br.)
Other plant products Tara (Caesalpinia spinosa), pods Pods of tara (Caesalpinia spinosa (Molina) Kuntze)
Other plant products Umbrella thorn (Acacia tortilis), pod husks Pod husks of umbrella thorn (Acacia tortilis (Forssk.) Hayne)
Other plant products Velvet mesquite (Prosopis velutina), pods Pods of velvet mesquite (Prosopis velutina Wooton)
Other plant products Cajan pea (Cajanus cajan), pods Pods of cajan pea (Cajanus cajan (L.) Huth)
Other plant products Algaroba (Prosopis chilensis), pod husks Pod husks of algaroba (Prosopis chilensis (Mol.) Stuntz)
Other plant products Jack bean (Canavalia ensiformis), pod husks Pod husks of jack bean (Canavalia ensiformis (L.) DC.)
Other plant products Paperback thorn (Acacia sieberiana), pod husks Pod husks of paperback thorn (Acacia sieberiana DC.)
Other plant products Pumpkin (Cucurbita spp.), seed hulls Hulls of pumpkin seeds (Cucurbita spp.)
Other plant products Sesban (Sesbania sesban), pods Pods of sesban (Sesbania sesban (L.) Merr.)
Other plant products Sulla (Hedysarum coronarium), pods Pods of sulla (Hedysarum coronarium L.)
Other plant products Sweet thorn (Acacia karroo), pod husks Pod husks of sweet thorn (Acacia karroo Hayne)
Other plant products Sweet thorn (Acacia karroo), pods Pods of sweet thorn (Acacia karroo Hayne)
Other plant products Tamarugo (Prosopis tamarugo), pod husks Pod husks of tamarugo (Prosopis tamarugo Phil.)
Other plant products Velvet bean (Mucuna pruriens), pod husks Pod husks of velvet bean (Mucuna pruriens (L.) DC. var. utilis (Wall. ex Wight) Baker ex Burck)
Other plant products Walnut (Juglans regia), hulls Hulls of walnut (Juglans regia L.)
Other plant products African yam bean (Sphenostylis stenocarpa), hulls Hulls of african yam bean (Sphenostylis stenocarpa (Hochst. ex A. Rich.) Harms)
Other plant products Bambara groundnut (Vigna subterranea), hulls Hulls of bambara groundnut (Vigna subterranea (L.) Verdc.)
Other plant products Bauhinia (Bauhinia thonningii), pod husks Pod husks of bauhinia (Bauhinia thonningii Schum.)
Other plant products Bluethorn (Acacia erubescens), pod husks Pod husks of bluethorn (Acacia erubescens Welw. ex Oliv.)
Other plant products Bluethorn (Acacia erubescens), pods Pods of bluethorn (Acacia erubescens Welw. ex Oliv.)
Other plant products Common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris), pods Pods of common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.)
Other plant products Bamboo (Bambusa bambos), shoot shells, boiled Bamboo (Bambusa bambos (L.) Voss) shoot shells, boiled. Bamboo shoot shells are a byproduct of the production of bamboo shoots.
Other plant products Bamboo (Bambusa bambos), shoot shells, boiled, silage Bamboo (Bambusa bambos (L.) Voss) shoot shells, boiled and ensiled. Bamboo shoot shells are a byproduct of the production of bamboo shoots.
Other plant products Bamboo (Bambusa bambos), shoot shells Bamboo (Bambusa bambos (L.) Voss) shoot shells. Bamboo shoot shells are a byproduct of the production of bamboo shoots.
Other plant products Guar (Cyamopsis tetragonoloba), hulls Hulls of guar (Cyamopsis tetragonoloba L.)
Other plant products Knobthorn (Acacia nigrescens), pods Pods of knobthorn (Acacia nigrescens Oliv.)
Other plant products Mango (Mangifera indica), hulls Hulls of mango (Mangifera indica L.) seeds
Other plant products Oil palm, hulls Hulls of oil palm (Elaeis guineensis Jacq.) nuts
Other plant products Wild pea (Pisum fulvum), pods, fresh Pods of wild pea (Pisum fulvum Sibth. & Sm.), fresh
Other plant products Pea pods, fresh Pea pods (Pisum sativum L.) with seeds, fresh
Other plant products Camel thorn (Acacia erioloba), pod husks Pod husks of camel thorn (Acacia erioloba E.Mey.)
Other plant products Cocoa dust Fine particles resulting from the storage and processing of cocoa beans (Theobroma cacao L.).
Other plant products Groundnut skins, ammonia-treated Groundnut skins (Arachis hypogaea L.), ammonia-treated
Other plant products Red acacia (Acacia seyal), flower and pods Shittimwood (Acacia seyal Del.), flower and pods
Other plant products White lupin hulls, protein > 15% Hulls of white lupin seeds (Lupinus albus L.).
Other plant products Paperback thorn (Acacia sieberiana), pods Pods of paperback thorn (Acacia sieberiana DC.)
Other plant products Acacia (Vachellia tortilis subsp. spirocarpa), pods Pods of acacia (Vachellia tortilis (Forssk.) Galasso & Banfi subsp. spirocarpa (Hochst. ex A. Rich.) Kyal. & Boatwr.)
Other plant products Rapeseed hulls, ammonia-treated Rapeseed hulls (Brassica napus L. var. napus), treated with ammonia
Other plant products Mexican calabash (Crescentia alata), pods Pods of mexican calabash (Crescentia alata Kunth)
Other plant products Lotononis (Lotononis divaricata), pods Pods of lotononis (Lotononis divaricata (Eckl. & Zeyh.) Benth.)
Other plant products Sphinga (Sphinga acatlensis), pods Pods of sphinga (Sphinga acatlensis (Benth.) Barneby & J.W.Grimes)
Other plant products Albizia (Albizia coriaria), pods Pods of albizia (Albizia coriaria Welw. ex Oliv.)
Other plant products Gliricidia (Gliricidia sepium), pods Pods of gliricidia (Gliricidia sepium (Jacq.) Walp.)
Other plant products Prosopis (Prosopis cineraria), pods Pods of prosopis (Prosopis cineraria (L.) Druce)
Other plant products Almond (Prunus dulcis), skins Byproduct of almond processing that consists of the skins of almond kernels (Prunus dulcis (Mill.) D. A. Webb).
Other plant products Lentil pods Lentil pods with seeds (Lens culinaris Medik.)
Other plant products Barrel medic (Medicago truncatula), pods Pods of barrel medic (Medicago truncatula Gaertn.)
Other plant products Bur clover (Medicago polymorpha), pods Pods of bur clover (Medicago polymorpha L.)
Other plant products Shore medick (Medicago littoralis), pods Pods of shore medick (Medicago littoralis Rohde ex Loisel.)
Other plant products Honey mesquite (Prosopis glandulosa), pod husks Pod husks of honey mesquite (Prosopis glandulosa Torr.)
Other plant products Honey mesquite (Prosopis glandulosa), pods Pods of honey mesquite (Prosopis glandulosa Torr.)
Other plant products Annatto (Bixa orellana), hulls Hulls of annatto (Bixa orellana L.)
Other plant products Cordia (Cordia africana), pods Pods of cordia (Cordia africana Lam.)
Other plant products Licuri nut (Syagrus coronata), hulls Hulls of licuri nut (Syagrus coronata (Mart.) Becc.)
Other plant products Faba bean pods, fresh Faba bean pods (Vicia faba L.), with seeds, fresh
Other plant products Pea fibre Fibrous product obtained after the processing of pea cotyledons  (Pisum spp.) (inner fibres). This ingredient is used in animal feed and human food for its water retention capacity.
Other plant products Lentil hulls Lentil hulls (Lens culinaris Medik.)
Other plant products Lupin fines Fibrous byproduct consisting in small particles from lupin processing (Lupinus albus L.).
Other plant products Maize fine Byproduct consisting in small particles from maize processing (Zea mays L.).
Other plant products Orfot (Vachellia oerfota), pods Pods of orfot (Vachellia oerfota (Forssk.) Kyal. & Boatwr.)
Other plant products Carob pod meal, organic Dehydrated, ground and empty carob pods (Ceratonia siliqua L.). This is a byproduct of the extraction of mannogalactan from the carob seeds. Carob meal is also used as a "diet" food and as a chocolate substitute. Synonym : carob pulp. Product obtained from organic farming.
Other plant products Oil palm sludge, dehydrated, oil < 20% Dehydrated effluent produced during oil palm (Elaeis guineensis Jacq.) extraction. This product contains less than 20% oil (as fed).
Other plant products Sunflower screenings Byproduct of the screening of sunflower seeds (Helianthus annuus L.).
Other plant products Coffee dregs Byproduct of coffee manufacture (Coffea arabica L.). It could be either true coffee dregs (residue of the infusion of coffee) or some other byproduct containing solid material.
Other plant products Oil palm slurry, fresh, oil > 70% DM Fresh effluent produced during oil palm (Elaeis guineensis Jacq.) extraction. This product contains more than 70% oil (DM basis).
Other plant products Soybean mill feed Byproduct of the manufacture of soybean flour (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) consisting of hulls and other seed fractions.
Other plant products Sugar cane bagasse, dehydrated Fibrous byproduct of sugar extraction from sugar cane (Saccharum officinarum L.), dehydrated.
Other plant products Sugar cane slurry, dehydrated Dehydrated effluent produced during sugar cane (Saccharum officinarum L.) extraction.
Other plant products Spent tea leaves (black tea) Byproduct of the fabrication of instant tea (Camelia sinensis (L.) O. Kuntze). Black tea is obtained by oxydation of the oils contained in the leaves.
Other plant products Instant coffee byproduct Byproduct of the fabrication of instant coffee (Coffea arabica L.), also known as cherco meal.
Other plant products Guar (Cyamopsis tetragonoloba), gum extraction byproduct, churi type, protein 40% Byproduct of the extraction of the guar (Cyamopsis tetragonoloba L.) gum (mannogalactan). This product contains about 40% protein.
Other plant products Spent tea leaves, dry Dried byproduct of the fabrication of instant tea (Camelia sinensis (L.) O. Kuntze).
Other plant products Wood pulp, fresh Fresh byproduct of paper manufacture from wood pulp.
Other plant products Ryegrass silage effluent, fresh Effluent obtained from ensiling ryegrass (Lolium spp.).
Other plant products Chickpea (Cicer arietinum), chuni Byproduct of the transformation of chickpea (Cicer arietinum L.), composed of germs and hulls. The chuni is an Indian product.
Other plant products Cajan pea (Cajanus cajan), chuni Byproduct of the transformation of cajan pea (Cajanus cajan (L.) Huth), composed of germs and hulls. The chuni is an Indian product.
Other plant products Cinammon bark, essential oil byproduct Byproduct of the extraction of essential oil from the bark of cinnamon bark (Cinnamomum zeylanicum (Nees.)).
Other plant products Cacao oil slurry, fresh Fresh effluent produced during the extraction of essential oils from cocoa (Theobroma cacao L.).
Other plant products Pyrethrine (Chrysanthemum cinerariifolium), marc, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of the manufacture of the insecticide pyrethrine from the flowers of pyrethrine (Chrysanthemum cinerariifolium Vis.)
Other plant products Sugar cane bagasse, composted Fibrous byproduct of sugar extraction from sugar cane (Saccharum officinarum L.), composted.
Other plant products Celery byproduct, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of celery (Apium graveolens L.) processing.
Other plant products Chicory (Cichorium intybus), marc, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of the manufacture of chicory root extract (Cichorium intybus L.).
Other plant products Date (Phoenix dactylifera), pit Date seed (Phoenix dactylifera L.), byproduct of the manufacture of dried dates.
Other plant products Jerusalem artichoke (Helianthus tuberosus), pulp, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of the extraction of inulin from the jerusalem artichoke (Helianthus tuberosus L.).
Other plant products Carob germ and bran, dehydrated Dehydrated mixture of carob germs and fragments of seed envelopes (Ceratonia siliqua L.), byproduct of the extraction of mannogalactan from the carob seeds.
Other plant products Carob germ, dehydrated Dehydrated carob germs (Ceratonia siliqua L.), byproduct of the extraction of mannogalactan from the carob seeds.
Other plant products Coffee pulp, dehydrated Naturally dried byproduct of the coffee processing (Coffea arabica L.). In the "wet" process, the fruit ("cherries") are let to soak in tank, where they are washed in running water and carried to a depulping machine. There is also a dry process where the fruit are first dehydrated, then decorticated.
Other plant products Sugar cane bagasse, dehydrated, NaOH-treated Fibrous byproduct of sugar extraction from sugar cane (Saccharum officinarum L.), dehydrated, treated with NaOH.
Other plant products Tamarind (Tamarindus indica), pulp, dehydrated Fibrous byproduct remaining after the cooking (boiling) and decortication of the seeds of tamarind (Tamarindus indica L.).
Other plant products Sweet pepper (Capsicum annuum), byproduct, fresh Fresh byproduct of sweet pepper (Capsicum annuum L.) processing.
Other plant products Artichoke canning byproduct, fresh Fresh byproduct of artichoke canning (Cynara cardunculus L.), made of leaves, stalks and flowers.
Other plant products Cauliflower (Brassica oleracea), byproduct, fresh Fresh byproduct of cauliflower (Brassica oleracea L.) processing.
Other plant products Lentil chuni Byproduct of the transformation of lentils (Lens culinaris Medik.), composed of germs and hulls. The chuni is an Indian product.
Other plant products Mung bean (Vigna radiata), chuni Byproduct of the transformation of the mung bean (Vigna radiata (L.) Hepper), composed of germs and hulls. The chuni is an Indian product.
Other plant products Pea chuni Byproduct of the transformation of pea (Pisum sativum L.), composed of germs and hulls. The chuni is an Indian product.
Other plant products Black gram (Vigna mungo), chuni Byproduct of the transformation of the black gram (Vigna mungo (L.) Hepper), composed of germs and hulls. The chuni is an Indian product.
Other plant products Okra (Abelmoschus esculentus L.) byproduct, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of okra (Abelmoschus esculentus (L.) Moench) processing.
Other plant products Faba bean bran Byproduct of faba bean processing (Vicia faba L.) possibly consisting of seed hulls and other seed fragments.
Other plant products Hop brewers grains, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of brewing, probably consisting of spent hop (Humulus lupulus L.) grains.
Other plant products Mustard bran Byproduct of mustard manufacture from the seeds of mustard (Brassica spp.), probably consisting of seed hulls and other seed fractions.
Other plant products Faba bean offal Unidentified product of the transformation of faba bean seeds (Vicia faba L.), probably consisting of seeds mixed with fibrous residue.
Other plant products Carob, concentrated distillery effluent, fresh Fresh, concentrated effluent obtained from the distillery process of carob pods (Ceratonia siliqua L).
Other plant products Sugar cane bagasse, urea-treated, fresh Fibrous byproduct of sugar extraction from sugar cane (Saccharum officinarum L.), fresh, treated with urea.
Other plant products Sisal bagasse (Agave sisalana), fresh Fibrous byproduct of the processing of sisal (Agave sisalana Perr.) fibre. Sisal is a Mexican agave grown for the resistant and white fibre of its leaves, used to make ropes and strings.
Other plant products Sisal (Agave sisalana) byproduct Fibrous byproduct of the processing of sisal (Agave sisalana Perr.) fibre, maybe close to the sisal bagasse. Sisal is a Mexican agave grown for the resistant and white fibre of its leaves, used to make ropes and strings.
Other plant products Chicory (Cichorium intybus), marc, fresh Fresh byproduct of the manufacture of chicory root extract (Cichorium intybus L.).
Other plant products Chicory (Cichorium intybus), pulp, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of the extraction of fructose and inuline from chicory roots (Cichorium intybus L.).
Other plant products Cocoa shoots, dehydrated Probably a byproduct of chocolate manufacture (Theobroma cacao L.), but it is difficult to be sure that it really consists in dehydrated shoots of cocoa seeds.
Other plant products Mango (Mangifera indica), stone, dried Dried mango stone (Mangifera indica L.).
Other plant products Soybean dust Dust obtained from the storage of soybean (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) consisting of fine seed fragments and other foreign material.
Other plant products Maize and sunflower byproduct Mixture of unspecified maize (Zea mays L.) and sunflower (Helianthus annuus L.) byproducts.
Other plant products Okara, fat > 5%, protein > 20%, fresh Full-fat byproduct of tofu manufacture from soybean (Glycine max (L.) Merr.). Okara is used for food. Other name : tofu cake.
Other plant products Okara, matières grasses < 5%, protein < 20 %, fresh Defatted byproduct of tofu manufacture from soybean (Glycine max (L.) Merr.). Okara is used for food. Other name : tofu cake.
Other plant products Celery byproduct, fresh Fresh byproduct of celery (Apium graveolens L.) processing.
Other plant products Rapeseed screenings Small or broken grains discarded after screening rapeseeds (Brassica napus L.).
Other plant products Okara, fat > 5 % DM, protein > 20% DM, liquid Defatted, liquid byproduct of tofu manufacture from soybean (Glycine max (L.) Merr.). Okara is used for food. It contains less more than 80% water.
Other plant products Pea bran, protein 28-30% Byproduct of pea processing for starch or pea flour (Pisum sativum L.), probably consisting of seed fractions. This product contains 28-30% protein.
Other plant products Paprika (Capsicum annuum), byproduct Byproduct of paprika fabrication, from the fruit of the paprika pepper (Capsicum annuum L.).
Other plant products Peppermint (Mentha piperita), pulp, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of the extraction of essential oil of peppermint (Mentha piperita Huds.), consisting in stalks, leaves and flowers.
Other plant products Basil (Ocimum basilicum), pulp, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of the extraction of essential oil of sweet basil (Ocimum basilicum L.), consisting in stalks, leaves and flowers.
Other plant products Sweet pepper (Capsicum annuum), byproduct, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of sweet pepper (Capsicum annuum L.) processing.
Other plant products Hemp, byproduct Byproduct of hemp (Cannabis sativa L.) processing, probably consisting of husks and other fibrous material.
Other plant products Hemp dust Probably, dust obtained from the storing and processing of hemp (Canabis sativa L.), consisting of straw fragments and other foreign material.
Other plant products Cassava pomace, dehydrated Cassava (Manihot esculenta Crantz) pomace, dehydrated, a by-product of cassava starch extraction.
Other plant products Flax dust Probably, dust obtained from the storing and processing of linseed (Linum usitatissimum L.), consisting of fine plant fragments (seed, aerial part) and other foreign material.
Other plant products Okara, matières grasses < 5% DM, protein > 20% DM, liquid Defatted, moist byproduct of tofu manufacture from soybean (Glycine max (L.) Merr.). Okara is used for food. Other name : tofu cake.
Other plant products Lignosulfite Byproduct of paper production.
Other plant products Olive oil vegetation water Byproduct of olive (Olea europaea L.) oil manufacture obtained by centrifugation or sedimentation of the oil. This sugar-rich product is sirupy, black, bitter with a pleasant and distinctive odour due to polyphenols and other substances. As it is toxic to some microorganisms and plants, it constitutes a source of pollution which creates a serious problem for the olive industry.
Other plant products Spent tea leaves, fresh Fresh byproduct of the fabrication of instant tea (Camelia sinensis (L.) O. Kuntze).
Other plant products Mustard bran, fresh Byproduct of mustard manufacture from the seeds of mustard (Brassica spp.), probably consisting of seed hulls and other seed fractions.
Other plant products Plant offal Byproduct of the transformation of unspecified plants.
Other plant products Pea bran, protein 8-20% Byproduct of pea processing for starch or pea flour (Pisum sativum L.), probably consisting of seed fractions. This product contains 8-20% protein.
Other plant products Groundnut dust, from hulls Groundnut dust, from hulls
Other plant products Beet seeds, discarded Beet seeds, discarded
Other plant products Bombax (Bombax costatum), sawdust Bombax (Bombax costatum), sawdust
Other plant products Sugarcane bagasse, fresh Sugarcane (Saccharum officinarum L.) bagasse, fresh
Other plant products Chicory (Cichorium intybus), chips, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of the extraction of fructose and inuline from chicory roots (Cichorium intybus L.).
Other plant products Okara, fat > 5%, protein > 20%, dried Full-fat byproduct of tofu manufacture from soybean (Glycine max (L.) Merr.). Okara is used for food. Other name : tofu cake.
Other plant products Okara, fat > 5%, protein > 20%, dried, organic Full-fat byproduct of tofu manufacture from soybean (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) produced by organic farming. Okara is used for food. Other name : tofu cake.
Other plant products Pea pulp, fresh Byproduct of pea processing for starch  (Pisum sativum L.), obtained after starch extraction and decantation of the fibres and residual starch.
Other plant products Pea solubles, fresh Byproduct of pea processing for starch  (Pisum sativum L.), obtained after protein extraction and concentration of the non-coagulable fraction.
Other plant products Chili pepper pulp Unspecified byproduct of chili pepper processing (Capsicum spp.).
Other plant products Pistachio (Pistacia vera), bran Unspecified byproduct of pistachio processing (Pistacia vera L.).
Other plant products Canna (Canna indica), starch byproduct, dehydrated Dehydated by-product of the extraction of starch from canna tubers (Canna indica L.).
Other plant products Date (Phoenix dactylifera), fruit pedicels Pedicels of date palm fruit (Phoenix dactylifera L.), byproduct of the manufacture of dried dates.
Other plant products Faba bean byproduct Dehydrated byproduct of faba bean (Vicia faba L.) harvest or transformation.
Other plant products Hemp (Cannabis sativa), hulls Hulls of hemp seed (Cannabis sativa L.).
Other plant products Guar (Cyamopsis tetragonoloba), gum extraction byproduct, korma type, protein 50% Byproduct of the extraction of the guar (Cyamopsis tetragonoloba L.) gum (mannogalactan). This product contains about 50% protein.
Other plant products Sweet pepper (Capsicum annuum), byproduct, ensiled Ensiled byproduct of sweet pepper (Capsicum annuum L.) processing.
Other plant products Arrowroot (Maranta arundinacea), starch byproduct Arrowroot (Maranta arundinacea L.), starch by-product
Other plant products Sugarcane juice Sugarcane juice (Saccharum officinarum L.)
Other plant products Guava (Psidium guajava), waste, dried Guava (Psidium guajava L.), waste, dried
Other plant products Guava (Psidium guajava), waste, fresh Guava (Psidium guajava L.), waste, fresh
Other plant products Cabbage waste, fresh Cabbage waste, fresh (Brassica spp.)
Other plant products Mung bean (Vigna radiata), bran Mung bean (Vigna radiata (L.) R. Wilczek), bran
Other plant products Cajan pea (Cajanus cajan), bran Cajan pea (Cajanus cajan (L.) Huth), bran
Other plant products Cottonseed linter residue Cottonseed linter residue (Gossypium spp.)
Other plant products Okara, fat > 15%, protein < 20%, dried Full-fat byproduct of tofu manufacture from soybean (Glycine max (L.) Merr.). Okara is used for food. Other name : tofu cake.
Other plant products Tomato skins and seeds, dehydrated Dehydrated skins and seeds of tomato (Solanum lycopersicum Karst.).
Other plant products Sunflower heads, without seeds Sunflower (Helianthus annuus L.) flowers, without seeds
Other plant products Rose pulp (Rosa spp.), dried Dried rose pulp (Rosa spp.)
Other plant products Sesame pulp Unidentified byproduct of oil manufacture obtained by extraction of sesame seeds (Sesamum indicum L.). This product contains less than 20% protein.
Other plant products Sweet pepper (Capsicum annuum), crop residue, fresh Fresh crop residue of sweet pepper (Capsicum annuum L.) harvesting.
Other plant products Chickpea (Cicer arietinum), bran Byproduct of chickpea processing (Cicer arietinum L.).
Other plant products Coconut water Liquid found inside coconuts (Cocos nucifera L.)
Other plant products Cotton wood Ligneous part of the cotton tree (Gossypium spp.)
Other plant products Paper Papier
Other plant products Muka, byproduct of essential oil extraction from conifer leaves and cones By-product of the large-scale extraction of essential oils from cone and leaves of conifers, made by heating at 210°C for a few minutes to drive off moisture and unpalatable essential oils, followed by milling. In the USSR, about about 100 000 tons of the product, called Muka, were fed to animals each year, as a supplement to poultry, cattle, milking cows and pigs at 5-8% levels (Source: Göhl, 1982).
Other plant products Ginger (Zingiber officinale), waste Byproduct of the production of ginger rhizomes (Zingiber officinale Roscoe).
Other plant products Sunflower heads Dry sunflower heads (Helianthus annuus L.).
Other plant products Sugar palm (Borassus flabellifer), juice Sugar palm (Borassus flabellifer L.), juice (sap)
Other plant products Sorghum panicles Sorghum panicles (Sorghum bicolor (L.).
Other plant products Coffee pulp, fresh Fresh byproduct of the coffee processing (Coffea arabica L.). In the "wet" process, the fruit ("cherries") are let to soak in tank, where they are washed in running water and carried to a depulping machine. There is also a dry process where the fruit are first dehydrated, then decorticated.
Other plant products Alafalfa press cake, silage, origin other than France Ensiled byproduct of the extraction of alfalfa protein (Medicago sativa L.) obtained by other processes than the one used in France.
Other plant products Alafalfa press cake, silage, treated with formic acid, origin other than France Ensiled byproduct of the extraction of alfalfa protein (Medicago sativa L.) obtained by other processes than the one used in France, treated with formic acid
Other plant products Alafalfa press cake, silage, treated with formic acid and sulphuric acid, origin other than France Ensiled byproduct of the extraction of alfalfa protein (Medicago sativa L.) obtained by other processes than the one used in France, treated with formic acid and sulphuric acid
Other plant products Breadfruit tree (Artocarpus altilis), fruit peels, fresh Fresh fruit peels of the breadfruit tree (Artocarpus altilis Fosb.).
Other plant products Malanga (Xanthosoma sagittifolium), peeling, fresh Fresh malanga tuber (Xanthosoma sagittifolium Shott). The malanga is an American tuber plant related to colocase. Other names : tannia, new cocoyam.
Other plant products Taro (Colocasia esculenta), peelings, fresh Taro (Colocasia esculenta (L.) Schott), peelings, fresh
Other plant products Sugar cane bagasse pith, dehydrated Fibrous byproduct of sugar extraction from sugar cane (Saccharum officinarum L.), dehydrated. The pith is the central part of the stems.
Other plant products Sugar cane press mud Sugar cane press mud is the residue of the filtration of sugarcane  (Saccharum officinarum L.) juice. The clarification process separates the juice into a clear juice that rises to the top and goes for manufacture, and a mud that collects at the bottom. The mud is then filtered to separate the suspended matter, which includes insoluble salts and fine bagasse.
Other plant products Coir dust Dust from processing the coconut  (Cocos nucifera L.) husks into fibre (coir).
Other plant products Copra, fresh Fresh meat (kernel) of the coconut (Cocos nucifera L.).
Other plant products Coffee pulp, silage Ensiled byproduct of the coffee processing (Coffea arabica L.). In the "wet" process, the fruit ("cherries") are let to soak in tank, where they are washed in running water and carried to a depulping machine. There is also a dry process where the fruit are first dehydrated, then decorticated.
Other plant products Groundnut germs Groundnut germs (Arachis hypogaea L.).
Other plant products Oil palm fruit bunches, empty Empty fruit bunches of oil palm (Elaeis guineensis Jacq.)
Other plant products Sisal bagasse (Agave sisalana), fermented Fibrous byproduct of the processing of sisal (Agave sisalana Perr.) fibre, fermented
Other plant products Sugar cane bagasse, steamed Fibrous byproduct of sugar extraction from sugar cane (Saccharum officinarum L.), steamed
Other plant products Wood Lignous and compact matter of the trees.
Other plant products Wool, hydrolysed Textile fibre obtained from sheep and other animals, hydrolysed
Other plant products Cassava sievate Cassava (Manihot esculenta Crantz) sievate or garri sievate is the by-product of the production of garri (also spelled gari or gary), a popular West African food. Tubers are peeled, crushed and then fermented. The resulting product is then sieved and roasted. The sievate represents 15-17% of the root in weigh
Other plant products Bambara groundnut (Vigna subterranea), processing byproduct Byproduct of the processing of bambara groundnut (Vigna subterranea (L.) Verdc.) for the manufacture of opka flour.
Other plant products Cashew apple (Anacardium occidentale), pulp, fresh Fresh cashew apple (Anacardium occidentale L.) pulp, byproduct of the extraction juice from the cashew apple, containing pulp and skins
Other plant products Cassava starch effluent and fibre, liquid Liquid effluent from the extraction of starch from cassava (Manihot esculenta Crantz) roots, a mixture of liquid and fibre
Other plant products Cassava pomace, fermented, dehydrated Cassava (Manihot esculenta Crantz) pomace, fermented and dehydrated, a by-product of cassava starch extraction.
Other plant products Cassava whey, fresh Cassava whey is the liquid pressed out of cassava root (Manihot esculenta Crantz) after it has been crushed mechanically. The whey and the pomace may be mixed together to form an effluent (or slurry).
Other plant products Finger millet (Eleusine coracana), ears Finger millet (Eleusine coracana (L.) Gaertn.), ears
Other plant products Guar (Cyamopsis tetragonoloba), chuni Guar (Cyamopsis tetragonoloba L.) chuni. Byproduct of the transformation of the seed composed of germs and hulls.
Other plant products Guar (Cyamopsis tetragonoloba), germs Guar (Cyamopsis tetragonoloba L.) germs.
Other plant products Guar (Cyamopsis tetragonoloba), gum extraction byproduct, churi type, protein 40%, expanded Expanded byproduct of the extraction of the guar (Cyamopsis tetragonoloba L.) gum (mannogalactan). This product contains about 40% protein.
Other plant products Mango (Mangifera indica), stone, fresh Fresh mango stone (Mangifera indica L.).
Other plant products Oil palm effluent, decanted Decanted effluent from the extraction of palm oil (Elaeis guineensis Jacq.)
Other plant products Oil palm effluent, liquid Liquid effluent from the extraction of palm oil (Elaeis guineensis Jacq.)
Other plant products Sorghum ears Sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench), ears
Other plant products Soybean sauce byproduct, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of the manufacture of soybean sauce (Glycine max (L.) Merr.)
Other plant products Sugar palm (Borassus flabellifer), syrup, liquid Sugar palm (Borassus flabellifer L.), syrup
Other plant products Sugar cane bagasse, urea-treated, NaOH-treated, fresh Fibrous byproduct of sugar extraction from sugar cane (Saccharum officinarum L.), fresh, treated with urea and NaOH
Other plant products Sugar cane bagasse, NaOH-treated, fresh Fibrous byproduct of sugar extraction from sugar cane (Saccharum officinarum L.), fresh, treated with NaOH
Other plant products Okara, fat > 5 % DM, protein > 20% DM, liquid, organic Full-fat byproduct of tofu manufacture from soybean (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) produced by organic farming. Okara is used for food. Other name : tofu cake.
Other plant products Breadfruit tree (Artocarpus altilis), fruit peels, dry Dried fruit peels of the breadfruit tree (Artocarpus altilis Fosb.).
Other plant products Carob, distillery byproduct Byproduct of the distillery process of carob pods (Ceratonia siliqua L) for alcohol production.
Other plant products Cashew apple (Anacardium occidentale), pulp, dried Dried cashew apple (Anacardium occidentale L.) pulp, byproduct of the extraction juice from the cashew apple, containing pulp and skins
Other plant products Taro (Colocasia esculenta), peelings, dried Taro (Colocasia esculenta (L.) Schott), peelings, dried
Other plant products Wine lees Byproduct of winery consisting of yeast, bacteria and organic compounds that precipitate to the bottom of a vat of wine after fermentation.
Other plant products Tea leaves (black tea) Tea (Camelia sinensis (L.) O. Kuntze) leaves processed by oxydation of the oils contained in the leaves.
Other plant products Tea leaves (green tea) Tea (Camelia sinensis (L.) O. Kuntze) leaves that have not been processed by oxydation unlike black tea.
Other plant products Solubles, byproduct of distillery of coconut flower sap, fresh Byproduct of the processing the sap of coconut flowers (Coconut nucifera L.), used for the production of coconut arrack in Sri Lanka.
Other plant products Sweet potato solubles, distillery, fresh Fresh byproduct of the distillery of sweet potato (Ipomoea batatas (L.) Lam.) tubers for the production of shōchū, a Japanese alcoholic drink.
Other plant products Sweet potato distillery byproduct, fresh Fresh byproduct of the distillery of sweet potato (Ipomoea batatas (L.) Lam.) tubers for the production of ethanol.
Other plant products Cassava pomace, fresh Cassava (Manihot esculenta Crantz) pomace, fresh, a by-product of cassava starch extraction.
Other plant products Açaí palm (Euterpe oleracea), heart of palm extraction byproduct Byproduct of the extraction of heart of palm from açaí palm (Euterpe oleracea Mart.) consisting in the extremities of the hearts of palm.
Other plant products Açaí palm (Euterpe oleracea), heart of palm extraction fibres Byproduct of the extraction of heart of palm from açaí palm (Euterpe oleracea Mart.) consisting in the fibres surrounding the heart of palm.
Other plant products Açaí palm (Euterpe oleracea), fruit processing byproduct Byproduct of the processing of the fruits of açaí palm (Euterpe oleracea Mart.) consisting in the stones and other residues.
Other plant products Copra, dried Dried meat (kernel) of the coconut (Cocos nucifera L.).
Other plant products Pea cream, fresh Byproduct of pea processing for starch (Pisum sativum L.), obtained by mixing the pulp (fibres and residual starch) and the solubles (non-coagulable fraction after protein extraction).
Other plant products Chicory (Cichorium intybus), molasses Product of chicory (Cichorium intybus L.) processing, obtained during the production of inulin and oligofructose.
Other plant products Hemp (Cannabis sativa), hulls, extruded Hulls of hemp seed (Cannabis sativa L.), extruded
Other plant products Hemp (Cannabis sativa), hulls, oil > 20% Hulls of hemp seed (Cannabis sativa L.).
Other plant products Soybean germs Soybean germs (Glycine max (L.) Merr.).
Other plant products Sesame (Sesamum indicum), bran Bran of sesame (Sesamum indicum L.) seeds
Other plant products Alfalfa, protein concentrate, PX, before 1994 Protein concentrate obtained by pression of the aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.). PX is the commercial name of a product made by France Luzerne until 1994, and it has been since replaced by the PX Super.
Other plant products Fungal protein concentrate (Paecilomyces variottii), Pekilo protein Protein concentrate obtained by culture of the single-cell fungus Paecilomyces variottii on a sulphite liquor subtrate (papermill byproduct). Pekilo is the commercial name of former Finnish product (1975).
Other plant products Pea, leaf protein concentrate Protein concentrate obtained by pression, coagulation and freeze-drying of pea (Pisum sativum L.).
Other plant products Fungal protein concentrate (Chaetomium cellulolyticum) Freeze-dried protein concentrate obtained by culture of the single-cell fungus Chaetomium cellulolyticum.
Other plant products Potato, protein concentrate Potato protein concentrate (Solanum tuberosum L.) obtained from the effluents produced during the starch extraction process.
Other plant products Soybean protein concentrate, protein 70-90% Soya (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) protein concentrate, obtained after separation of soluble fractions, ash and non-nitrogenous compounds from defatted soybean flour. Sometimes called soybean isolate.
Other plant products Potato leaves protein concentrate  Protein concentrate obtained from potato leaves (Solanum tuberosum L.) by pression, coagulation and dehydration.
Other plant products White lupin (Lupinus albus), leaf protein concentrate Protein concentrate obtained by pression, coagulation and dehydration of the aerial part of white lupin (Lupin albus L.).
Other plant products Blue lupin (Lupinus angustifolius), leaf protein concentrate Protein concentrate obtained by pression, coagulation and dehydration of the aerial part of blue lupin (Lupin angustifolius L.).
Other plant products Tobacco, leaf protein concentrate Protein concentrate obtained by pression, coagulation and freeze-drying of the aerial part of tobacco (Nicotinia tabacum L.). This is a toxic product.
Other plant products Sophora (Sophora japonica), leaf protein concentrate Protein concentrate obtained by pression, coagulation and freeze-drying of the aerial part of sophora (Sophora japonica L.).
Other plant products Nettle, leaf protein concentrate Protein concentrate obtained by grinding, coagulation (acetic acid) and centriugation of the aerial part of nettle (Urtica dioica L.).
Other plant products Rice, protein concentrate, protein 50-70% Rice protein concentrate (Oriza sativa L.).
Other plant products Soybean protein concentrate, 50-60% protein Protein concentrate of soybean (Glycine max (L.) Merr.), obtained after separation of soluble fractions, ash and non-nitrogenous compounds from defatted soybean flour.
Other plant products Carob germ protein concentrate  Protein concentrate obtained from carob germs (Ceratonia siliqua L.) by coagulation, centrifugation and dehydration.
Other plant products Alfalfa, protein concentrate, PX Protein concentrates obtained by pression of the aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.). PX is the commercial name of a product sold by Désialis.
Other plant products Rapeseed protein concentrate Protein concentrate obtained from rape seed meal (Brassica napus L.) after solvent and water extraction.
Other plant products Wheat protein concentrate Wheat  (Triticum aestivum L.) protein concentrate.
Other plant products Potato, protein concentrate (tuber), low-glycoalkaloid Potato protein concentrate (Solanum tuberosum L.) from a low-glycolalkaloid variety, obtained from the effluents produced during the starch extraction process.
Other plant products Pea protein concentrate, 70-90% protein Protein concentrate obtained from pea seeds (Pisum sativum L.).
Other plant products Soybean protein concentrate, 60-70% protein Soya (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) protein concentrate, obtained after separation of soluble fractions, ash and non-nitrogenous compounds from defatted soybean flour.
Other plant products Alfalfa, protein concentrate Protein concentrate obtained by pression of the aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.).
Other plant products Cassava, leaf protein concentrate Protein concentrate of cassava leaves (Manihot esculenta Crantz).
Other plant products Alfalfa, protein concentrate, organic farming Protein concentrate obtained by pression of the aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), produced by organic farming
Other plant products Alfalfa, protein concentrate, Extraluz Protein concentrates obtained by pression of the aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.). Product sold by Désialis.
Other plant products Sunflower protein concentrate, protein 50-70% Protein concentrate of sunflower (Helianthus annuus L.), obtained from sunflower seeds.
Other plant products Rice, protein concentrate, organic farming, protein 40-60% Rice protein concentrate (Oriza sativa L.), obtained by organic farming
Other plant products Barley protein concentrate, 50-70% protein Barley protein concentrate (Hordeum vulgare L.)
Other plant products Rapeseed protein concentrate, type Canola Protein concentrate obtained from Canola rapeseed (Brassica napus L. var. napus)
Other plant products Jojoba (Simmondsia chinensis), protein isolate Jojoba (Simmondsia chinensis (Link) C. K. Schneid.), protein isolate extracted from the seeds
Other plant products Alfalfa, protein concentrate, experimental processes Protein concentrate obtained by pression of the aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.).
Other plant products Sweet potato (Ipomoea batatas), leaf protein concentrate Protein concentrate obtained from sweet potato leaves (Ipomoea batatas (L.) Lam.).
Other plant products Jerusalem artichoke (Helianthus tuberosus), leaf pulp Byproduct of the extraction of protein concentrate of Jerusalem artichoke leaves (Helianthus tuberosus L.).
Other plant products Water hyacinth (Eichhornia crassipes), leaf protein concentrate Protein concentrate obtained from sweet potato leaves (Eichhornia crassipes (Mart.) Solms).
Other plant products Barley protein concentrate, 70-90% protein Barley protein concentrate (Hordeum vulgare L.)
Other plant products Barley protein concentrate, < 40% protein Barley protein concentrate (Hordeum vulgare L.)
Other plant products Maize protein concentrate Protein concentrate obtained from barley grain (Zea mays L.)
Other plant products Duckweed (Lemna spp.) protein concentrate Duckweed (Lemna spp.) protein concentrate
Other plant products Oat protein concentrate Oat protein concentrate (Avena sativa L.)
Other plant products Pea protein concentrate, 40-70% protein Protein concentrate obtained from pea seeds (Pisum sativum L.).
Other plant products Faba bean, protein concentrate, organic farming Protein concentrate from faba beans (Vicia faba L.), obtained by organic farming
Other plant products Linseed protein concentrate Linseed protein concentrate (Linum usitatissimum L.). Synonym : linseed isolate
Other plant products Lupin protein concentrate Lupin protein concentrate (Lupinus spp.). Synonym : lupin isolate
Other plant products Sunflower protein concentrate, protein 70-90% Protein concentrate of sunflower (Helianthus annuus L.), obtained from sunflower seeds.
Other plant products Rice, protein concentrate, protein 70-90% Rice protein concentrate (Oriza sativa L.).
Other plant products Rice, protein concentrate, organic farming, protein 60-80% Rice protein concentrate (Oriza sativa L.), obtained by organic farming
Other plant products Alfalfa, protein concentrate, fresh Protein concentrate obtained by pression of the aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.).
Other plant products Red clover, protein concentrate, fresh Protein concentrate obtained by pression of the leaves of red clover (Trifolium pratense L.).
Other plant products Starch, maize Maize starch (Zea mays L.), process unspecified.
Other plant products Sugar, beet, crystallized Crystallized sugar (sucrose) extracted from beet root (Beta vulgaris L.).
Other plant products Starch Polymer of glucose, from vegetable origin (seeds, roots, tubers).
Other plant products Sugar Common food sugar made of glucose and fructose, usually obtained from beet root or sugarcane.
Other plant products Xylose Pentose sugar, also called wood sugar.
Other plant products Glucose Sugar (C6H12O6) found in numerous carbohydrate compounds (starch, sucrose).
Other plant products Sugar, beet, vergeoise, brown Crystallized sugar (sucrose) extracted from beet root (Beta vulgaris L.). Vergeoise sugar is made from refinery waste. Brown sugar should be unrefined.
Other plant products Sugar, beet, vergeoise, blond Crystallized sugar (sucrose) extracted from beet root (Beta vulgaris L.). "Vergeoise" sugar is made from refinery waste. Blond sugar should be more refined than the brown one.
Other plant products Starch, wheat Wheat starch (Triticum aestivum L.).
Other plant products Potato starch, dehydrated Dehydrated potato starch (Solanum tuberosum L.).
Other plant products Starch, wheat, gelatinised Gelatinised wheat starch (Triticum aestivum L.).
Other plant products Sugar, sugarcane, brown Crystallized, unrefined sugar (sucrose) extracted from the sugar cane (Saccharum officinarum L.).
Other plant products Glycerol Sugar alcohol (C3H8O3), a important component of glycerids. Glycerol is a byproduct of various processes, including the transesterification of vegetable oils for the production of biodiesels. Synonym: glycerin, glycerine.
Other plant products Starch, barley Barley starch (Hordeum vulgare L.), process unspecified.
Other plant products Potato starch, fresh Fresh potato starch (Solanum tuberosum L.).
Other plant products Pectin, citrus Pectin extracted from citrus fruits (Citrus spp.).
Other plant products Cassava starch Cassava starch (Manihot esculenta Crantz).
Other plant products Starch, pea Pea starch (Pisum sativum L.).
Other plant products Yeast, brewers, dehydrated Brewers dried yeast (Saccharomyces cerevisiae Meyen ex E.C. Hansen).
Other plant products Yeast, Ronipron, alkane substrate, dehydrated Protein concentrate obtained by the culture of yeast on an alkane substrate. Ronipron was a Yugoslavian product (1981).
Other plant products Yeast (Candida lipolytica), alkane substrate, dehydrated Dehydrated yeast Candida lipolytica grown on alkane substrate.
Other plant products Yeast (Candida tropicalis), alkane substrate, dehydrated Dehydrated yeast Candida tropicalis grown on alkane substrate.
Other plant products Yeast (Candida paraffinica), alkane substrate, dehydrated Dehydrated yeast Candida paraffinica grown on alkane substrate.
Other plant products Bacteria cream, fresh Fresh fermentation byproduct made of bacterial cells. These samples were collected under this name in 1989 and have a variable composition. This product should not be mistaken with the dehydrated bacterial byproducts currently sold under commercial names.
Other plant products Bacterial protein concentrate Pruteen Protein concentrate obtained by fermentation of methanol with Methylophilus methylotrophus. The product is dehydrated and pelleted. Pruteen was a product by Imperial Chemical Industries (ICI) in the early 1980s and was quite famous then.
Other plant products Yeast (Pichia spp.) alkane substrate, dehydrated Dehydrated yeast Pichia spp. grown on alkane substrate.
Other plant products Yeast (Candida pseudotropicalis), dehydrated Dehydrated yeast, (Candida pseudotropicalis).
Other plant products Yeast (Candida boidinii), dehydrated Dehydrated yeast Candida boidinii.
Other plant products Yeast (Candida utilis), torula, dehydrated Dehydrated torula yeast (Candida utilis).
Other plant products Yeast (Saccharomyces pastorianus), dehydrated Dehydrated yeast (Saccharomyces pastorianus Nguyen & Gaillardin ex. Beijerinck)
Other plant products Bacterial protein concentrate PL73 Byproduct of the fabrication of L-Lysine, containint the protein fraction of the bacteria (Bacterium lactofermentum) used in the process. PL73 is the brand name of a product made by Ajinomoto Eurolysine S.A.S.
Other plant products Bacterial protein concentrate Protorsan Byproduct of production of L-glutamic acid by fermentation. It consists of dehydrated bacterial bodies of Cornybacterium glutamicum melassecola, which produce glutamic acid from sugar-containing substrates such as molasses or starch hydrolysates. Protorsan is a commercial name.
Other plant products Yeast, lactic Precise definition missing. This could be a product called "Whey yeast".
Other plant products Mycelium (Aspergillus niger), ensiled Ensiled byproduct of citric acid production by molasses fermentation, consisting of fungal mycelium from Aspergillus niger.
Other plant products Brewers' yeast, dried, protein > 60% Brewers' dried yeast (Saccharomyces cerevisiae Meyen ex E.C. Hansen) having a particularly high protein content > 60% (vs 50% for regular brewers' yeast).
Other plant products Rumen bacteria Bacteria collected in the rumen and processed by centrifugation.
Other plant products Mycelium, dehydrated Dehydrated mycelium.
Other plant products Yeast (Phaffia rhodozyma,) dehydrated Phaffi yeast (Phaffia rhodozyma) used for fish food.
Other plant products Yeast, distillery, dehydrated Dehydrated distillery yeast. This product has not been properly identified yet.
Other plant products Brewers' yeast, fresh Brewers dried yeast (Saccharomyces cerevisiae Meyen ex E.C. Hansen).
Other plant products Schizochytrium (Schizochytrium spp.), oil < 20%, dried Schizochytrium (Schizochytrium spp.), dried. Schizochytrium is a genus of unicellular protists found in coastal marine habitats. Certain species are grown commercially for production of this oil for biofeeds, biomass and biofuels.
Other plant products Yeast, distillery, fresh, rum production Fresh distillery yeast from rum production
Other plant products Bacterial protein concentrate Byproduct consisting of dehydrated bacterial bodies.
Other plant products Schizochytrium (Schizochytrium spp.), oil > 50%, rich in DHA, dried Schizochytrium (Schizochytrium spp.), dried. Schizochytrium is a genus of unicellular protists found in coastal marine habitats. Certain species are grown commercially for production of this oil for biofeeds, biomass and biofuels.
Other plant products Diatoms, dehydrated Group of unicellular microalgae, one of the most common types of phytoplankton. Diatoms are enclosed within a cell wall made of silica called a frustule. Diatoms can live isolated or in colonies.
Other plant products Schizochytrium (Schizochytrium spp.), oil 20-50%, dried [7756] Schizochytrium (Schizochytrium spp.), dried. Schizochytrium is a genus of unicellular protists found in coastal marine habitats. Certain species are grown commercially for production of this oil for biofeeds, biomass and biofuels.
Other plant products Yeast, brewers, protein concentrate Yeast-based product formed from the collection of the cytoplasmic contents of yeast cells (Saccharomyces cerevisiae Meyen ex E.C. Hansen).
Other plant products Yeast hydrolysate Yeast hydrolysate obtained by fermentation, application of enzymes, concentration and drying.
Other plant products Yeast, bakery, dehydrated Bakery dried yeast (Saccharomyces cerevisiae Meyen ex E.C. Hansen).
Other plant products Soup, fresh Fresh soup, probably a byproduct of industrial soup production.
Other plant products Biscuit factory waste Byproduct of the manufacture of biscuits, consisting of broken biscuits or of biscuit unfit for human consumption. This is a highly variable product.
Other plant products Waffles, broken Byproduct of waffle manufacture, consisting of broken waffles unfit for human consumption.
Other plant products Breadcrumbs Breadcrumbs, a byproduct of various food industries.
Other plant products Bread byproduct Byproduct of bakery or catering, consisting of bread unfit for human consumption.
Other plant products Biscottes Toasted bread sold in packets and often eaten for breakfast.
Other plant products Button mushroom (Agaricus bisporus), fresh Aerial part of button mushrooms (Agaricus bisporus (J. E. Lange) Imbach).
Other plant products Pasta Pasta (food product).
Other plant products Bread dough, fresh Fresh bread dough, probably from industrial bakeries.
Other plant products Cheese byproduct Byproduct of cheese production. It contains about 20-40% protein et 20-40% fat and may consist of cheeses unfit for human consumption, of cheese powder or of different mixtures of byproducts.
Other plant products Breakfast cereals, puffed, chocolate-covered Breakfast cereals (unknown species) containing expanded grains and other ingredients (sugar, chocolate etc.).
Other plant products Croissants Croissants, pastry unfit for human consumption.
Other plant products Chocolate-filled roll Small puff pastry containing a chocolate bar.
Other plant products Corn flakes Breakfast cereals made of flaked and toasted maize grain with other ingredients (sugar etc.).
Other plant products Puffed rice, sugar-coated Food product based on extruded or expanded rice grains (Oryza sativa L.) with other ingredients, like sugar.
Other plant products Puffed rice, chocolate-coated Food product based on extruded or expanded rice grains (Oryza sativa L.) with other ingredients, like chocolate.
Other plant products Bakery and viennoiserie byproducts Products obtained from the recycling of bakery and viennoiserie (croissants, sweet breads) raw and baked byproducts.
Other plant products Soup, dehydrated Dehydrated soup, probably a byproduct of industrial soup production.
Other plant products Yogurt, dehydrated Dehydrated dairy product obtained by baterial fermentation of milk.
Other plant products Cereals, breakfast Ceral grains (unknown species), processed and sweetened, used for breakfast.
Other plant products Pizza dough, fresh Fresh pizza dough.
Other plant products Mashed potato chips, fresh Byproduct of potato processing (Solanum tuberosum L.), made of mashed potatoes chips (crips in the UK).
Other plant products Food waste, dried Food that is discarded or uneaten for various reasons occuring at the stages of production, processing, retailing and consumption.
Other plant products Bakery and viennoiserie byproducts, fresh Products obtained from the recycling of bakery and viennoiserie (croissants, sweet breads), fresh
Other plant products Mayonnaise Cold sauce or dressing that is a mix of oil, egg yolk, and an acid, either vinegar or lemon juice.
Other plant products Cake dough Cake dough.
Other plant products Bread byproduct, humid Humid byproduct of bakery or catering, consisting of bread unfit for human consumption.
Animal byproducts Meat and bone meal, before 1996 or non-EU Product obtained by heating, drying and grinding whole or parts of warm-blooded land animals from which the fat may have been partially extracted or physically removed, produced before August 1996 or originating from non-EU countries.
Animal byproducts Meat and bone meal, 50G, before 1996 Product obtained by heating, drying and grinding whole or parts of warm-blooded land animals from which the fat may have been partially extracted or physically removed, produced before August 1996. "50G" is a guarantee that the product is not defatted and contains more than 50% protein.
Animal byproducts Meat and bone meal, 55D, before 1996 Product obtained by heating, drying and grinding whole or parts of warm-blooded land animals from which the fat may have been partially extracted or physically removed, produced before August 1996. "55D" is a guarantee that the product is defatted and contains more than 55% protein.
Animal byproducts Meat and bone meal, 60D, before 1996 Product obtained by heating, drying and grinding whole or parts of warm-blooded land animals from which the fat may have been partially extracted or physically removed, produced before August 1996. "60D" is a guarantee that the product is defatted and contains more than 60% protein.
Animal byproducts Meat and bone meal, 55G, before 1996 Product obtained by heating, drying and grinding whole or parts of warm-blooded land animals from which the fat may have been partially extracted or physically removed, produced before August 1996. "55G" is a guarantee that the product is not defatted and contains more than 55% protein.
Animal byproducts Meat and bone meal, 55, before 1996 Product obtained by heating, drying and grinding whole or parts of warm-blooded land animals from which the fat may have been partially extracted or physically removed, produced before August 1996. "55" is a guarantee that the product contains more than 55% protein.
Animal byproducts Meat and bone meal, 70G, before 1996 Product obtained by heating, drying and grinding whole or parts of warm-blooded land animals from which the fat may have been partially extracted or physically removed, produced before August 1996. "70G" is a guarantee that the product is not defatted and contains more than 70% protein.
Animal byproducts Cattle viscera, hydrolysate, treated with formic acid, fresh Fresh cattle slaughterhouse byproduct (Bos spp.) constiting of viscera, hydrolysed by formic acid.
Animal byproducts Meat and bone meal, 50D, before 1996 Product obtained by heating, drying and grinding whole or parts of warm-blooded land animals from which the fat may have been partially extracted or physically removed, produced before August 1996. "50D" is a guarantee that the product is defatted and contains more than 50% protein.
Animal byproducts Meat and bone meal, fat > 7.5%, before 1996 or non-EU Product obtained by heating, drying and grinding whole or parts of warm-blooded land animals from which the fat may have been partially extracted or physically removed, produced before August 1996. This product should contain more than 7.5% fat (as fed basis).
Animal byproducts Meat and bone meal, protein < 45% Product obtained by heating, drying and grinding whole or parts of warm-blooded land animals from which the fat may have been partially extracted or physically removed. This product should contain less than 45% crude protein (as fed basis) and should be considered of very low quality.
Animal byproducts Meat and bone meal, 50, before 1996 Product obtained by heating, drying and grinding whole or parts of warm-blooded land animals from which the fat may have been partially extracted or physically removed, produced before August 1996. "50" is a guarantee that the product contains more than 50% protein.
Animal byproducts Meat and bone meal, pig, before 1996 or non-EU Product obtained by heating, drying and grinding whole or parts of pigs (Sus scrofa L.) from which the fat may have been partially extracted or physically removed. This category includes products made before 1996 or from non-European countries.
Animal byproducts Meat and bone meal, 45G, before 1996 Product obtained by heating, drying and grinding whole or parts of warm-blooded land animals from which the fat may have been partially extracted or physically removed, produced before August 1996. "45G" is a guarantee that the product is not defatted and contains more than 45% protein.
Animal byproducts Sheep head meal Slaughterhouse byproduct consisting of ground, cooked and dehydrated sheep heads (Ovis aries L.).
Animal byproducts Calf head meal Slaughterhouse byproduct consisting of ground, cooked and dehydrated calf heads (Bos spp.).
Animal byproducts Sheep feet meal Slaughterhouse byproduct consisting of ground, cooked and dehydrated sheep feet (Ovis aries L.).
Animal byproducts Sheep head and guts meal Slaughterhouse byproduct consisting of ground, cooked and dehydrated sheep heads and guts (Ovis aries L.).
Animal byproducts Sheep guts meal Slaughterhouse byproduct consisting of ground, cooked and dehydrated sheep guts (viscera) (Ovis aries L.). This product is used for petfood.
Animal byproducts Sheep stomachs meal Slaughterhouse byproduct consisting of ground, cooked and dehydrated sheep stomachs (Ovis aries L.).
Animal byproducts Cattle necks meal Slaughterhouse byproduct consisting of ground, cooked and dehydrated necks of cattle.
Animal byproducts Greaves Byproduct of animal fat extraction, containing high levels of protein.
Animal byproducts Meat meal, soft parts Product obtained by heating, drying and grinding soft parts of warm-blooded land animals unfit for human consumption.
Animal byproducts Cattle slaughterhouse byproduct, moist Moist (80%DM) byproduct of cattle slaughterhouses. This product is obsolete.
Animal byproducts Cattle liver meal Slaughterhouse byproduct consisting of ground, cooked and dehydrated livers of cattle.
Animal byproducts Meat and bone meal, 60G, before 1996 Product obtained by heating, drying and grinding whole or parts of warm-blooded land animals from which the fat may have been partially extracted or physically removed, produced before August 1996. "60G" is a guarantee that the product is not defatted and contains more than 60% protein.
Animal byproducts Meat and bone meal, 70D, before 1996 Product obtained by heating, drying and grinding whole or parts of warm-blooded land animals from which the fat may have been partially extracted or physically removed, produced before August 1996. "70D" is a guarantee that the product is defatted and contains more than 70% protein.
Animal byproducts Greaves, 40 Byproduct of animal fat extraction, containing at least 40% protein.
Animal byproducts Meat protein concentrate Meat protein concentrate.
Animal byproducts Meat and bone meal, pig, sterilised 96/449/CEE Product obtained by heating, drying and grinding whole or parts of pig from which the fat may have been partially extracted or physically removed, sterilised according EU Directive 96/449/CEE.
Animal byproducts Meat and bone meal, 53.5, before 1996 Product obtained by heating, drying and grinding whole or parts of warm-blooded land animals from which the fat may have been partially extracted or physically removed, produced before August 1996. "53.5" is a guarantee that the product contains more than 53.5% protein.
Animal byproducts Greaves, beef, 80 Byproduct of beef tallow extraction, guaranteed to contain more than 80% protein.
Animal byproducts Meat and bone meal, fat < 7.5%, before 1996 or non-EU Product obtained by heating, drying and grinding whole or parts of warm-blooded land animals from which the fat may have been partially extracted or physically removed, produced before August 1996. This product should contain less than 7.5% fat (as fed basis).
Animal byproducts Meat and bone meal, 80, sterilised 96/449/CEE Product obtained by heating, drying and grinding whole or parts of warm-blooded land animals from which the fat may have been partially extracted or physically removed, sterilised according EU Directive 96/449/CEE. 80 means that the product is guaranteed to contain more than 80% CP.
Animal byproducts Meat and bone meal, 45G, sterilised 96/449/CEE Product obtained by heating, drying and grinding whole or parts of warm-blooded land animals from which the fat may have been partially extracted or physically removed, sterilised according EU Directive 96/449/CEE. 45G means that the product is not defatted and that it is guaranteed to contain more than 45% CP.
Animal byproducts Meat and bone meal, 50G, sterilised 96/449/CEE Product obtained by heating, drying and grinding whole or parts of warm-blooded land animals from which the fat may have been partially extracted or physically removed, sterilised according EU Directive 96/449/CEE. 50G means that the product is not defatted and guaranteed to contain more than 50% CP.
Animal byproducts Meat and bone meal, 55G, sterilised 96/449/CEE Product obtained by heating, drying and grinding whole or parts of warm-blooded land animals from which the fat may have been partially extracted or physically removed, sterilised according EU Directive 96/449/CEE. 55G means that the product is not defatted and is guaranteed to contain more than 55% CP.
Animal byproducts Meat and bone meal, 60D, sterilised 96/449/CEE Product obtained by heating, drying and grinding whole or parts of warm-blooded land animals from which the fat may have been partially extracted or physically removed, sterilised according EU Directive 96/449/CEE. 60D means that the product is defatted and guaranteed to contain more than 60% CP.
Animal byproducts Meat and bone meal, 70D, sterilised 96/449/CEE Product obtained by heating, drying and grinding whole or parts of warm-blooded land animals from which the fat may have been partially extracted or physically removed, sterilised according EU Directive 96/449/CEE. 70D means that the product is defatted and guaranteed to contain more than 70% CP.
Animal byproducts Meat and bone meal, 55D, sterilised 96/449/CEE Product obtained by heating, drying and grinding whole or parts of warm-blooded land animals from which the fat may have been partially extracted or physically removed, sterilised according EU Directive 96/449/CEE. 55D means that the product is defatted and guaranteed to contain more than 55% CP.
Animal byproducts Meat and bone meal, 50D, sterilised 96/449/CEE Product obtained by heating, drying and grinding whole or parts of warm-blooded land animals from which the fat may have been partially extracted or physically removed, sterilised according EU Directive 96/449/CEE. 50D means that the product is defatted and guaranteed to contain more than 50% CP.
Animal byproducts Meat and bone meal, cattle, non-EU Product obtained by heating, drying and grinding whole or parts of cattle from which the fat may have been partially extracted or physically removed. This category includes products from non-European countries.
Animal byproducts Lamb meal Lamb (Ovis aries L.) meat meal. This is usually a petfood ingredient.
Animal byproducts Lamb guts meal Slaughterhouse byproduct consisting of ground, cooked and dehydrated lamb guts (viscera) (Ovis aries L.). This product is used for petfood.
Animal byproducts Meat and bone meal, 46D, sterilised 96/449/CEE Product obtained by heating, drying and grinding whole or parts of warm-blooded land animals from which the fat may have been partially extracted or physically removed, sterilised according EU Directive 96/449/CEE. 46D means that the product is defatted and guaranteed to contain more than 46% CP.
Animal byproducts Meat and bone meal, fat > 7.5%, sterilised 96/449/CEE Product obtained by heating, drying and grinding whole or parts of warm-blooded land animals from which the fat may have been partially extracted or physically removed, sterilised according EU Directive 96/449/CEE. Fat should be higher than 7.5% as fed.
Animal byproducts Meat and bone meal, fat < 7.5%, sterilised 96/449/CEE Product obtained by heating, drying and grinding whole or parts of warm-blooded land animals from which the fat may have been partially extracted or physically removed, sterilised according EU Directive 96/449/CEE. Fat should be lower than 7.5% as fed.
Animal byproducts Meat and bone meal, 46G, sterilised 96/449/CEE Product obtained by heating, drying and grinding whole or parts of warm-blooded land animals from which the fat may have been partially extracted or physically removed, sterilised according EU Directive 96/449/CEE. 46 means that the product is guaranteed to contain more than 46% CP.
Animal byproducts Meat and bone meal, 48G, sterilised 96/449/CEE Product obtained by heating, drying and grinding whole or parts of warm-blooded land animals from which the fat may have been partially extracted or physically removed, sterilised according EU Directive 96/449/CEE. 48G means that the product is not defatted and that it is guaranteed to contain more than 48% CP.
Animal byproducts Meat and bone meal, 60G, sterilised 96/449/CEE Product obtained by heating, drying and grinding whole or parts of warm-blooded land animals from which the fat may have been partially extracted or physically removed, sterilised according EU Directive 96/449/CEE. 60G means that the product was not defatted and guaranteed to contain more than 60% CP.
Animal byproducts Greaves, 55 Byproduct of animal fat extraction, containing at least 55% protein.
Animal byproducts Greaves, 72 Byproduct of animal fat extraction, containing at least 72% protein.
Animal byproducts Duck meal Duck (Anas platyrhynchos L.) meat meal. Also : duck greaves.
Animal byproducts Viscera meal, rabbits Product obtained by heating, drying and grinding viscera of rabbits from which the fat may have been partially extracted or physically removed.
Animal byproducts Meat and bone meal, non-industrial Meat and bone meal, non-industrial
Animal byproducts Liver meal Slaughterhouse byproduct consisting of ground, cooked and dehydrated livers.
Animal byproducts Sheep hooves, fresh Slaughterhouse byproduct consisting of fresh sheep hooves (Ovis aries L.).
Animal byproducts Pig liver meal Slaughterhouse byproduct consisting of ground, cooked and dehydrated livers of pigs.
Animal byproducts Chicken liver meal Slaughterhouse byproduct consisting of ground, cooked and dehydrated livers of chickens.
Animal byproducts Pig protein concentrate Product obtained by heating, drying and grinding parts of slaughtered pig which are not used for food.
Animal byproducts Fish meal Product obtained by processing whole or parts of fish from which part of the oil may have been removed and to which fish solubles may have been readded.
Animal byproducts Fish meal, 66 Product obtained by processing whole or parts of fish. This product is guaranteed to contain more than 66% protein.
Animal byproducts Fish meal, 70 Product obtained by processing whole or parts of fish. This product is guaranteed to contain more than 70% protein.
Animal byproducts Fish silage, mackerel, treated with formic acid, fresh Whole ensiled fish (mackerel, Scomber scombrus) treated with formic acid.
Animal byproducts Fish silage, whiting, treated with formic acid, fresh Whole ensiled fish (whiting, Gadus merlangus) treated with formic acid.
Animal byproducts Fish silage, whiting, treated with formic acid and formaldehyde, fresh Whole ensiled fish (whiting, Gadus merlangus) treated with formic acid and formaldehyde.
Animal byproducts Fish meal, menhaden Product obtained by processing whole or parts of menhaden fish (Brevoortia spp.).
Animal byproducts Fish solubles, dehydrated Dehydrated product composed of press juice obtained during manufacture of fish meal from which much of the fish oil has been removed.
Animal byproducts Fish meal, herring Product obtained by processing whole or parts of herring (Clupea harengus).
Animal byproducts Fish meal, white Product obtained by processing whole or parts of white fish.
Animal byproducts Fish, protein concentrate, CPSP 80 Fish, protein concentrate, CPSP 80
Animal byproducts Fish, protein concentrate, CPSP 90 Fish, protein concentrate, CPSP 90
Animal byproducts Fish silage, white fish, treated with formic acid, fresh Ensiled white fish treated with formic acid.
Animal byproducts Fish silage, herring, treated with formic acid, fresh Whole ensiled fish (herring, Clupea harengus) treated with formic acid.
Animal byproducts Fish silage (sprat), treated with formic acid Whole ensiled fish (sprat, Sprattus sprattus) treated with formic acid.
Animal byproducts Fish silage, sand eel, treated with formic acid, fresh Whole ensiled fish (sand eel, Ammodytes spp.) treated with formic acid.
Animal byproducts Fish meal, 60, fat Product obtained by processing whole or parts of fish. This product is guaranteed to be not defatted and to contain more than 60% protein.
Animal byproducts Fish meal, 65 Product obtained by processing whole or parts of fish. This product is guaranteed to contain more than 65% protein.
Animal byproducts Fish meal, 72 Product obtained by processing whole or parts of fish. This product is guaranteed to contain more than 72% protein.
Animal byproducts Fish solubles, menhaden, fresh Dehydrated product composed of press juice obtained during manufacture of menhaden fish meal (Brevoortia spp.) from which much of the fish oil has been removed.
Animal byproducts Fish meal, sprat Product obtained by processing whole or parts of sprat (Sprattus sprattus).
Animal byproducts Fish meal, sand eel Product obtained by processing whole or parts of sand eel (Ammodytes spp.).
Animal byproducts Fish meal, mackerel Product obtained by processing whole or parts of mackerel (Scomber scombrus).
Animal byproducts Fish meal, anchovy Product obtained by processing whole or parts of anchovy (Engraulis spp.).
Animal byproducts Fish meal, pout Product obtained by processing whole or parts of pout (Trisopterus esmarkii).
Animal byproducts Fish meal, sardine Product obtained by processing whole or parts of sardine (Sardina pilchardus).
Animal byproducts Fish meal, capelin Product obtained by processing whole or parts of capelin (Mallotus villosus).
Animal byproducts Fish meal, 65, fat, extruded Product obtained by processing and extruding whole or parts of fish. This product is guaranteed to be not defatted and to contain more than 65% protein.
Animal byproducts Fish meal, 68 Product obtained by processing whole or parts of fish. This product is guaranteed to contain more than 68% protein.
Animal byproducts Fish meal with effluents, white Product obtained by processing whole or parts of white fish, to which extraction effluents have been added.
Animal byproducts Fish meal with effluents, white, enzyme treatment Product obtained by processing whole or parts of white fish, to which extraction effluents have been added and treated with enzymes.
Animal byproducts Fish meal, tuna Product obtained by processing whole or parts of tuna (Thunnus spp.).
Animal byproducts Fish meal, rumen-protected Product obtained by processing whole or parts of fish, tanned by a formaldehyde treatment.
Animal byproducts Fish meal, protein < 50%, ash < 50% Product obtained by processing whole or parts of fish, containing less than 50% (as fed) of protein. These products are atypical and are often produced by artisanal means.
Animal byproducts Fish meal, 64 Product obtained by processing whole or parts of fish. This product is guaranteed to contain more than 64% protein.
Animal byproducts Fish meal, chilean pilchard Product obtained by processing whole or parts of fish (Sardinops sagax, Californian ou Chilean pilchard)
Animal byproducts Fish meal, Norse LT94 Product obtained by processing whole fish. The process involves grinding and drying at low temperature by pulsating hot air. Norse LT 94 is the brand name of a Norwegian product (Norsildmel). The protein digestibility for minks is guaranteed to be 90%.
Animal byproducts Fish meal, 70, NorSeaMink Product obtained by processing whole fish (indirect steam-drying). This product is guaranteed to contain more than 70% protein. Norseamink is a commercial product from Norway made by Norsildmel.
Animal byproducts Fish, protein concentrate, CPSP, fat Fish, protein concentrate, CPSP, fat
Animal byproducts Fish, protein concentrate Fish, protein concentrate
Animal byproducts Fish meal, 70, fat < 6% Product obtained by processing whole or parts of fish. This product is guaranteed to contain more than 70% protein and these samples contain less than 6% (as fed) of fat.
Animal byproducts Fish meal, chilean pilchard, cannery byproduct Product obtained by processing parts of Chilean pilchard (Sardinops sagax) in the cannery process.
Animal byproducts Fish, protein concentrate, CPSP, defatted Fish, protein concentrate, CPSP, defatted
Animal byproducts Fish meal, salmon Product obtained by processing whole or parts of salmon (Salmo salar L. ou Oncorhynchus spp.).
Animal byproducts Fish bone meal Dehydrated, finely ground fish bones, obtained from fish processing units.
Animal byproducts Fish meal, 55 Product obtained by processing whole or parts of fish. This product is guaranteed to contain more than 55% protein.
Animal byproducts Fish meal, 70, fat > 15% Product obtained by processing whole or parts of fish. This product is guaranteed to contain more than 70% protein. This sample contains more than 15% (DM basis) of fat.
Animal byproducts Fish meal, 62 Product obtained by processing whole or parts of fish. This product is guaranteed to contain more than 62% protein.
Animal byproducts Fish meal, sardinella Product obtained by processing whole or parts of sardinella (Sardinella spp.).
Animal byproducts Fish, whole, dried Dried whole fish.
Animal byproducts Fish silage, dehydrated Fish silage, dehydrated
Animal byproducts Fish meal, cooked, fresh Fish meal, cooked, fresh
Animal byproducts Fish meal, African catfish (Clarias gariepinus), fillet waste Product obtained by processing fillet waste if African catfish (Clarias gariepinus)
Animal byproducts Fish meal, silver cyprinid (Rastrineobola argentea) Fish meal, silver cyprinid (Rastrineobola argentea (Pellegrin, 1904))
Animal byproducts Fish meal, tilapia (Oreochromis spp.), fillet waste Fish meal, tilapia (Oreochromis spp.), fillet waste
Animal byproducts Fish silage, sardinelle, fresh Fish silage from sardinella (Sardinella longiceps Valenciennes, 1847), fresh
Animal byproducts Fish meal, ngadala (Limnothrissa spp. and Stolothrissa spp.) Fish meal, ngadala (Limnothrissa spp. and Stolothrissa spp.)
Animal byproducts Fish hydrolysate Fish hydrolysate
Animal byproducts Fish meal, mudskipper (Oxudercinae) Product obtained by processing mudskipper fish (Oxudercinae subfamily)
Animal byproducts Fish meal, Pellonula Product obtained by processing fish of the Pellonula genus
Animal byproducts Squilla meal Squilla meal. Squilla are crustaceans of the Squillidae family
Animal byproducts Fish meal, protein > 75% Product obtained by processing whole or parts of fish, containing more than 75% (as fed) of protein.
Animal byproducts Fish meal, Asian carp Product obtained by processing whole or parts of Asian carp (Hypophthalmichthys molitrix and Hypophthalmichthys nobilis)
Animal byproducts Fish meal, common carp Product obtained by processing whole or parts of common carp (Cyprinus carpio)
Animal byproducts Fish meal, protein < 50%, ash > 50% Product obtained by processing whole or parts of fish, containing less than 50% (as fed) of protein. These products are atypical and are often produced by artisanal means. This category meal with more than 50% ash, due to a large proportion of fish bones or due to contamination by dirt and sand.
Animal byproducts Fish meal, mudskipper Product obtained by processing whole or parts of mudskipper fish (subfamily Oxudercinae).
Animal byproducts Fish meal, panga (Pangasianodon hypophthalmus) Product obtained by processing whole or parts of panga fish (Pangasianodon hypophthalmus). Other names: iridescent shark, iridescent shark catfish
Animal byproducts Fish meal, crucian carp Product obtained by processing whole or parts of crucian carp (Carassius carassius)
Animal byproducts Fish meal, European whitefish Product obtained by processing whole or parts of European whitesfish (Coregonus spp.).
Animal byproducts Fish meal, perch Product obtained by processing whole or parts of perch (unidentified species).
Animal byproducts Fish meal, catfish Product obtained by processing whole or parts of catfish (undetermined species).
Animal byproducts Fish meal, trout Product obtained by processing whole or parts of trout (undetermined species).
Animal byproducts Fish hydrolysate, fresh Fish hydrolysate, fresh
Animal byproducts Viscera meal, poultry Product obtained by heating, drying and grinding viscera of poultry from which the fat may have been partially extracted or physically removed.
Animal byproducts Poultry hydrolysate, treated with formic acid, fresh Poultry slaughterhouse byproduct (viscera, heads and feet), hydrolysed by formic acid.
Animal byproducts Hen meal, whole birds Whole hens (Gallus domesticus L.), cooked and ground. This a byproduct of culling in laying farms.
Animal byproducts Poultry autolysate, dehydrated Product obtained by autolysis and dehydration of waste from slaughtered poultry.
Animal byproducts Poultry offal meal, fat < 8% Product obtained by drying and grinding waste from slaughtered poultry. This product is atypical and should contain less than 8% (as fed) of fat.
Animal byproducts Poultry offal meal, protein 35-45% Product obtained by drying and grinding waste from slaughtered poultry. This product contains between 35 and 45% (as fed) of crude protein.
Animal byproducts Poultry hydrolysate Slaughterhouse byproduct constiting of poultry viscera and feather, mixed with pig and cattle blood.
Animal byproducts Poultry autolysate, 40% moisture Product obtained by autolysis of waste from slaughtered poultry. This is a concentrated but fresh product (40% water).
Animal byproducts Poultry autolysate, 70% moisture Product obtained by autolysis of waste from slaughtered poultry. This is a liquid, fresh product (70% water).
Animal byproducts Poultry offal meal, dry matter < 80% Product obtained by drying and grinding waste from slaughtered poultry, with a dry matter < 80%. The product must be substantially free of feathers.
Animal byproducts Poultry liver, fresh Fresh poultry liver (Gallus domesticus L.).
Animal byproducts Poultry offal meal, protein 45-60% Product obtained by drying and grinding waste from slaughtered poultry. The product must be substantially free of feathers.
Animal byproducts Poultry offal meal, protein 60-70% Product obtained by drying and grinding waste from slaughtered poultry. The product must be substantially free of feathers.
Animal byproducts Poultry offal meal, protein > 70% Product obtained by drying and grinding waste from slaughtered poultry. The product must be substantially free of feathers.
Animal byproducts Poultry offal meal, protein < 35% Product obtained by drying and grinding waste from slaughtered poultry. This product contains less than 35% protein (as fed).
Animal byproducts Blood meal Product obtained by drying the blood of slaughtered warm blooded animals. It should not contain foreign materials.
Animal byproducts Haemoglobin, fresh, formaldehyde-treated Fresh haemoglobin treated with formaldehyde (slaughterhouse byproduct).
Animal byproducts Blood, fresh Fresh blood from slaughterhouses.
Animal byproducts Haemoglobin, dehydrated Dehydrated haemoglobin (slaughterhouse byproduct).
Animal byproducts Plasma, dehydrated Dehydrated plasma extracted from the blood of warm-blooded animals (cattle or pigs)
Animal byproducts Haemoglobin, cattle, dehydrated Dehydrated haemoglobin from cattle (Bos spp.).
Animal byproducts Haemoglobin, pig, dehydrated Dehydrated haemoglobin from pigs (Sus scrofa L.).
Animal byproducts Haemoglobin, cattle and pig, dehydrated Dehydrated haemoglobin from cattle (Bos spp.) and pigs (Sus scrofa L.).
Animal byproducts Plasma, cattle, dehydrated Dehydrated plasma extracted from the blood of cattle (Bos spp.).
Animal byproducts Plasma, pig, dehydrated Dehydrated plasma extracted from the blood of pigs (Sus scrofa L.).
Animal byproducts Blood meal, artisanal Product obtained by drying the blood of slaughtered warm blooded animals in artisanal conditions.
Animal byproducts Haemoglobin, poultry, dehydrated Dehydrated haemoglobin from poultry.
Animal byproducts Blood meal, pig Product obtained by drying the blood of slaughtered pigs (Sus scrofa L.). It should not contain foreign materials.
Animal byproducts Blood meal, chicken Product obtained by drying the blood of slaughtered chickens (Gallus domesticus L.).
Animal byproducts Blood cells, dehydrated Blood cells, dehydrated
Animal byproducts Blood meal, humid Product obtained by partial drying the blood of slaughtered warm blooded animals in artisanal conditions.
Animal byproducts Feather meal Product obtained by hydrolysing, drying and grinding poultry feathers.
Animal byproducts Hog hair meal, hydrolysed Dehydrated, ground and hydrolysed hair of pig (Sus scrofa L.).
Animal byproducts Feather meal, chicken, not hydrolysed Product obtained by drying and grinding chicken feathers (Gallus domesticus L.), without hydrolysis. This product is unfit for consumption.
Animal byproducts Cattle hoof and horn meal Slaughterhouse byproduct consisting of ground, cooked and dehydrated hooves and horns of cattle. Old product.
Animal byproducts Feather meal, protein < 50% Product obtained by hydrolysing, drying and grinding poultry feathers.
Animal byproducts Cattle hoof and horn meal, protein < 50% Slaughterhouse byproduct consisting of ground, cooked and dehydrated hooves and horns of cattle. Old product.
Animal byproducts Maggots, domestic fly (Musca domestica), dehydrated Dehydrated larva of the domestic fly (Musca domestica L.).
Animal byproducts Silkworm pupa (Bombyx mori), not defatted Full-fat silkworm pupa (Bombyx mori).
Animal byproducts Silkworm pupa (Bombyx mori), defatted Defatted silkworm pupa (Bombyx mori).
Animal byproducts Chironoma (Chironoma spp.) larvae, freeze-dried Freeze-dried larvae of chironoma (Chironoma spp.). The chironoma is a diptera whose larva is sold as fish food.
Animal byproducts Mealworm (Tenebrio spp.), larvae, fresh Fresh larvae from several insect species, particularly the tenebrio beetles (Tenebrio spp.). Mealworms are commonly found in cereal food and are used to feed small animals.
Animal byproducts Black soldier fly larvae (Hermetia illucens), fat > 20%, dehydrated Dehydrated larvae of black soldier fly (Hermetia illucens L.).
Animal byproducts Desert locust (Schistocerca gregaria), dehydrated Desert locust (Schistocerca gregaria (Forsskål, 1775)) dehydrated and ground. The desert locust is potentially the most dangerous of the locust pests because of the ability of swarms to fly rapidly across great distances.
Animal byproducts Silkworm (Bombyx mori Linnaeus, 1758), pupae meal, fresh Silkworm (Bombyx mori Linnaeus, 1758), pupae meal, fresh
Animal byproducts Silkworm (Bombyx mori), larvae, fresh Silkworm larvae (Bombyx mori Linnaeus, 1758), fresh
Animal byproducts Silkworm (Bombyx mori), larvae, dried Silkworm larvae (Bombyx mori Linnaeus, 1758), dried
Animal byproducts Silkworm pupae meal, silage Silkworm pupae (Bombyx mori Linnaeus, 1758) meal, silage
Animal byproducts Superworm (Zophobas morio) larvae, fresh Superworm (Zophobas morio Fabricius, 1776) larvae, fresh. These large larvae (up to 6 cm) are similar to mealworms and are used to feed reptiles and other insectivorous animals.
Animal byproducts Mealworm (Tenebrio molitor) adult, fresh Mealworm (Tenebrio molitor Linnaeus, 1758) adult, fresh
Animal byproducts Waxworm (Galleria mellonella) larvae, fresh Waxworm (Galleria mellonella (Linnaeus, 1758)) larvae, fresh. Moth whose caterpillar feeds on honeycomb.
Animal byproducts House cricket (Acheta domestica), fresh House cricket (Acheta domestica (Linnaeus, 1758)) adult, fresh
Animal byproducts House cricket (Acheta domestica) nymph, fresh House cricket (Acheta domestica (Linnaeus, 1758)) nymph, fresh
Animal byproducts Mealworm (Tenebrio molitor), larvae, fat > 20%, dried Mealworm (Tenebrio molitor Linnaeus, 1758), larvae, not defatted, dried
Animal byproducts Fruit fly (Drosophila melanogaster), adult, fresh Fruit fly (Drosophila melanogaster Meigen, 1830), adult, fresh
Animal byproducts Mealworm (Tenebrio molitor) pupae, dried Mealworm (Tenebrio molitor Linnaeus, 1758) pupae, dried
Animal byproducts Mealworm (Tenebrio molitor) adult, dried Mealworm (Tenebrio molitor Linnaeus, 1758) adult, dried
Animal byproducts Black soldier fly larvae (Hermetia illucens), fat < 20%, dehydrated Black soldier fly larvae (Hermetia illucens Linnaeus 1758), dehydrated, defatted
Animal byproducts Black soldier fly larvae (Hermetia illucens), fat > 20%, fresh Black soldier fly larvae (Hermetia illucens Linnaeus 1758), fresh
Animal byproducts Housefly pupae (Musca domestica), dehydrated Housefly pupae (Musca domestica Linnaeus 1758), dehydrated
Animal byproducts Housefly larvae (Musca domestica), defatted, dehydrated Housefly larvae (Musca domestica Linnaeus 1758), defatted, dehydrated
Animal byproducts Field cricket (Gryllus testaceus), dried Field cricket (Gryllus testaceus Walker, 1869), dried
Animal byproducts Mormon cricket (Anabrus simplex), dried Mormon cricket (Anabrus simplex Haldeman, 1852), dried
Animal byproducts Red flour beetle (Tribolium castaneum) meal Red flour beetle (Tribolium castaneum (Herbst)) meal. This insect is a pest known for attacking and infesting stored flour and grain
Animal byproducts Migratory locust (Locusta migratoria), fresh Migratory locust (Locusta migratoria (Linnaeus, 1758)), fresh.
Animal byproducts Termite meal Termite meal
Animal byproducts Black soldier fly larvae (Hermetia illucens), pre-pupae, dried Dehydrated larvae of black soldier fly (Hermetia illucens L.), collected before the pupae stage
Animal byproducts Blowfly larvae (Chrysomya chloropyga), dried Dehydrated larvae of blowfly (Chrysomya chloropyga Wiedemann).
Animal byproducts House cricket (Acheta domestica), dehydrated House cricket (Acheta domestica (Linnaeus, 1758)), dehydrated
Animal byproducts Variegated grasshopper (Zonocerus variegatus) dehydrated Variegated grasshopper (Zonocerus variegatus (Linnaeus, 1858)), dehydrated
Animal byproducts Grasshopper (Oxya fuscovittata) dehydrated Grasshopper (Oxya fuscovittata (Marschall, 1836)), dehydrated
Animal byproducts Grasshopper (Acrida exaltata) dehydrated Grasshopper (Acrida exaltata (Walker, 1859)), dehydrated
Animal byproducts Grasshopper (Spathosternum prasiniferum) dehydrated Grasshopper (Spathosternum prasiniferum (Walker, 1871)), dehydrated
Animal byproducts Grasshopper (Hieroglyphus banian) dehydrated Grasshopper (Hieroglyphus banian (Fabricius, 1798)), dehydrated
Animal byproducts Migratory locust (Locusta migratoria), dehydrated Migratory locust (Locusta migratoria (Linnaeus, 1758)) dehydrated and ground.
Animal byproducts Red locust (Nomadacris septemfasciata), dehydrated Red locust (Nomadacris septemfasciata (Audinet-Serville, 1883)) dehydrated and ground.
Animal byproducts Grasshopper, dried Grasshopper (several species), dried
Animal byproducts Grasshopper (Acanthacris ruficornis) dehydrated Grasshopper (Acrida exaltata (Walker, 1859)), dehydrated
Animal byproducts Grasshopper (Kraussaria angulifera) dehydrated Grasshopper (Kraussaria angulifera (Krauss, 1877)), dehydrated
Animal byproducts Mealworm (Tenebrio molitor), larvae, fat < 20%, dried Mealworm (Tenebrio molitor Linnaeus, 1758), larvae, defatted and dried
Animal byproducts Yolk powder Yolk powder.
Animal byproducts Artemia, freeze-dried Freeze-dried artemia (Artemia salina), microscopic crustacean living in salt water. Also called brine shrimp, it is a common feed for aquarium fish.
Animal byproducts Zooplankton (Moina spp.), freeze-dried Freeze-dried zooplankton (Moina spp.).
Animal byproducts Eggshells Eggshells.
Animal byproducts Tendon meal Slaughterhouse byproduct consisting of ground, cooked and dehydrated tendons. This product is obsolete.
Animal byproducts Bone meal, degelatinised Product obtained by drying, cooking (steam-cooking under pressure causing degelatinisation) and finely grinding bones of warm-blooded land animals from which the fat has been largely extracted or physically removed. This product contains less than 10% protein.
Animal byproducts Gelatine Gelatine (or gelatin), proteic substance obtained from the collagen of the bones of warm-blooded animals, processed by boiling water of steam and pressure cooking.
Animal byproducts Earthworm, dehydrated Dehydrated earthworms of different species (such as Eisenia fetida and Dendrodriluse subrubicundus).
Animal byproducts Shrimp meal Dehydrated byproduct of shrimp canning, consisting of soft tissues and shells.
Animal byproducts King crab (Paralithodes camchatica), protein concentrate Protein concentrate obtained from the king crab (Paralithodes camchatica), by product of the chitin extraction.
Animal byproducts Bone meal, protein > 30% Product obtained by drying, heating and finely grinding bones of warm-blooded land animals from which the fat has been largely extracted or physically removed.
Animal byproducts Spiny lobster meal Dehydrated byproduct of spiny lobster (Panulirus spp.) canning, consisting of soft tissues and shells.
Animal byproducts Crab meal Dehydrated byproduct of crab canning, consisting of soft tissues and shells.
Animal byproducts Daphnia, freeze-dried Freeze-dried daphnia (Daphnis spp.). Daphnia are microscopic crustaceans used as a feed for aquatic animals.
Animal byproducts Gammarus (Gammarus spp.), freeze-dried Freeze-dried gammarus (Gammarus spp.). The gammarus is a small fresh water crustacean.
Animal byproducts Crustacean shells, ground Ground crab or shrimp shells.
Animal byproducts Crab shells, ground Ground crab shells (unknown species).
Animal byproducts Bone meal, protein 9-30% Product obtained by drying, heating and finely grinding bones of warm-blooded land animals from which the fat has been largely extracted or physically removed. The 3 samples have a very low protein content (9-30% as fed) and are called "green bones".
Animal byproducts Snail meal, pila (Pila globosa) Ground, cooked soft parts of pila (Pila globosa), an Asian snail.
Animal byproducts Crab byproduct, fresh Fresh byproduct of crab canning, consisting of soft tissues and shells.
Animal byproducts Shrimp byproduct, fresh Fresh byproduct of shrimp canning, consisting of soft tissues and shells.
Animal byproducts Hatchery byproduct Byproduct of hatcheries, consisting of broken eggs, feathers etc.
Animal byproducts Egg white powder, petfood grade Egg white powder of petfood grade, containing shells fragments and yolk (less than 70% protein vs 80% for pure egg white).
Animal byproducts Bones, pieces This is a ill-defined product, apparently made of whole bones of terrestrial warm-blooded animals. The two samples have a protein content of 20-30%, an ash content of 60-70% and a very low fat content (0-3%)..
Animal byproducts Seal meal Byproduct of the harvest of seals for pelt, made of seal carcasses, ground and processed in the manner of regular meat and bone meal. The carcasses used to be left on the ice floes and they are now collected and transported to port to be processed. This is a Canadian product (Newfoundland and Labrador).
Animal byproducts Sea urchins shells Sea urchins shells
Animal byproducts Egg powder, whole Dried egg powder
Animal byproducts Egg white powder Egg white powder
Animal byproducts Squid meal Dehydrated and ground squids.
Animal byproducts Cuttlefish bone Hard and brittle internal structure found in cephalopod molluscs from the sepiidae family. Cuttlefish bone is composed primarily of aragonite.
Animal byproducts Bone meal, calcinated Mineral product obtained by calcination and finely grinding bones of warm-blooded land animals from which the fat has been largely extracted or physically removed.
Animal byproducts Bone meal, calcinated, fresh Fresh mineral product obtained by calcination and finely grinding bones of warm-blooded land animals from which the fat has been largely extracted or physically removed.
Animal byproducts Common slipper shell (Crepidula fornicata), dry Flesh of common slipper shell (Crepidula fornicata L.), a marine gastropod mollusc
Animal byproducts Earthworm, fresh Fresh earthworms of different species (such as Eisenia fetida and Dendrodriluse subrubicundus).
Animal byproducts Crayfish offal meal Crayfish offal meal
Animal byproducts Gammarid meal Gammarid meal
Animal byproducts Shrimp meal, freshwater shrimp (Caridina nilotica) Shrimp meal, freshwater shrimp
Animal byproducts Dog food scrap meal Byproduct of the manufacture of dog food.
Animal byproducts Shrimp meal, whole Dehydrated byproduct of shrimp canning, consisting of whole shrimps
Animal byproducts Starfish meal Starfish meal
Animal byproducts Chicken feet, fresh Chicken feet (Gallus domesticus L.), fresh
Animal byproducts Chicken heads, fresh Chicken heads (Gallus domesticus L.), fresh
Animal byproducts Chicken viscera, fresh Chicken viscera (Gallus domesticus L.), fresh
Animal byproducts Sago (Metroxylon sagu) Starch obtained from the trunk of the sago palm (Metroxylon sagu Rottb.) by washing the starch kernels out of the pulverized pith with water
Animal byproducts Sago (Metroxylon sagu) byproduct Byproduct of the production of sagon, a starch obtained from the trunk of the sago palm (Metroxylon sagu Rottb.)
Animal byproducts Shrimp heads, silage Ensiled byproduct of shrimp canning, consisting of shrimp heads.
Animal byproducts Shrimp waste, silage Ensiled byproduct of shrimp canning, consisting of shrimp parts.
Animal byproducts Snail meal, with shells, protein > 40% Ground and dried snails
Animal byproducts Snail meal, without shells Ground and dried soft parts of snails
Animal byproducts Tadpole meal, whole Ground and dried whole tadpoles
Animal byproducts Tadpole meal, without skin Ground and dried skinned tadpoles
Animal byproducts Whale meal Meal produced from the meat of whale.
Animal byproducts Condensed whale solubles Byproduct of whale oil extraction. The crude oil is centrifuged off and the remaining material is divided into liquid and solid fractions. The liquid fraction can be concentrated and acidified to produce whale solubles.
Animal byproducts Frog meal Frog meal
Animal byproducts Rat meal Rat meal (Rattus spp.)
Animal byproducts Toad meal Toad meal
Animal byproducts Mussel meal Dried flesh of mussels (Mytilus edulis Ferussac,1822)
Animal byproducts Krill meal Dehydrated and ground krill, crustaceans of the order Euphausiacea.
Animal byproducts Snail meal, with shells, protein < 40% Ground and dried snails
Animal byproducts Earthworm, dehydrated, protein < 30% DM Dehydrated earthworms of different species (such as Eisenia fetida and Dendrodriluse subrubicundus).
Animal byproducts Pig faeces, dehydrated Dehydrated faeces of pig (Sus scrofa L.). This product is not authorised in animal feeding in the European Union.
Animal byproducts Poultry droppings, fresh Fresh poultry dropppings.
Animal byproducts Rumen content, dehydrated Dehydrated rumen content.
Animal byproducts Poultry droppings, dried Dried poultry dropppings.
Animal byproducts Cattle slurry, concentrated by sieving Fibrous fraction of cattle slurry (Bos spp.), concentrated by sieving.
Animal byproducts Cattle slurry, concentrated by sieving, NaOH-treated Fibrous fraction of cattle slurry (Bos spp.), concentrated by sieving, alkali-treated.
Animal byproducts Cattle slurry, concentrated by sieving, ozone-treated Fibrous fraction of cattle slurry (Bos spp.), concentrated by sieving, ozone-treated.
Animal byproducts Rumen content, fresh Fresh rumen content.
Animal byproducts Pig slurry, concentrated by pressure, NaOH-treated Solid fraction of pig slurry (Sus scrofa L.), concentrated by pressure, alkali-treated.
Animal byproducts Pig slurry, concentrated by pressure, KOH-treated Solid fraction of pig slurry (Sus scrofa L.), concentrated by pressure, KOH-treated.
Animal byproducts Cow dung, fresh Fresh faeces from cattle.
Animal byproducts Cattle manure, fresh Fresh cattle manure, consisting of faeces, urine and bedding material.
Animal byproducts Poultry droppings, composted and dehydrated Composted and dehydrated poultry dropppings.
Animal byproducts Rabbit manure, dehydrated Dehydrated rabbit manure (Oryctolagus cuniculus L.).
Animal byproducts Bat guano Dry, bat excreta
Animal byproducts Peat, dried Dried peat, used as bedding material.
Animal byproducts Sawdust Sawdust, used as bedding material.
Animal byproducts Carboard Very thick paper used to make boxes etc.
Animal byproducts Carboard, ammonia-treated Cardboard treated with ammonia.
Animal byproducts Carboard, NaOH-treated Cardboard treated with alkali.
Animal byproducts Cellulose Polymer of glucose, main component of plant cell walls. Commercial cellulose may be derived from paper or from wood.
Animal byproducts Poplar bark Poplar bark (Populus spp.).
Animal byproducts Poplar bark, ensiled Ensiled poplar bark (Populus spp.).
Animal byproducts Wood fibre Wood by-product.
Oils and fats Soybean oil Oil extracted from the soybean seed (Glycine max (L.) Merr.)
Oils and fats Rapeseed oil Oil extracted from the seed of the rapeseed (Brassica napus L. var. napus.).
Oils and fats Maize oil Oil extracted from the maize grain, particularly from the germ (Zea mays L.).
Oils and fats Oleic acid, distillated Unsaturated fatty acid (C18:1) obtained (purified) by distillation.
Oils and fats Palm fatty acids, from refining by distillation Fatty acids obtained from refining of oil palm (Elaeis guineensis Jacq.) by distillation.
Oils and fats Stearic acid Saturated fatty acid (C18:0) found in beef and sheep tallow.
Oils and fats Coprah oil Oil extracted from the copra, the dried, white kernel of the coconut (Cocos nucifera L.).
Oils and fats Vegetable oil, acid Acid vegetable oil of unspecified origin or species.
Oils and fats Olive oil Oil extracted from the olive pulp (Olea europaea L.)
Oils and fats Sunflower oil Oil extracted from the sunflower seed (Helianthus annuus L.).
Oils and fats Vegetable oil Vegetable oil from one or several unspecified plant species.
Oils and fats Recycled oil, thick Recycled oil (from frying units etc.) of thick consistency.
Oils and fats Recycled oil, fluid Recycled oil (from frying units etc.) of fluid consistency.
Oils and fats Recycled oil, intermediate thickness Recycled oil (from frying units etc.) of intermediate consistency.
Oils and fats Acid rapeseed oil Acid oil extracted from the seed of the rapeseed (Brassica napus L. var. napus).
Oils and fats Cottonseed oil Oil extracted from the cottonseed (Gossypium spp.).
Oils and fats Palm oil Oil extracted from the pulp of the fruit of the oil palm tree (usually Elaeis guineensis Jacq.).
Oils and fats Sunflower fatty acids from refining by distillation Fatty acids obtained from refining of sunflower oil (Helianthus annuus L.) by distillation.
Oils and fats Acid soybean oil Acid oil extracted from the soybean seed (Glycine max (L.) Merr.)
Oils and fats Linseed oil Oil extracted from the linseed (Linum usitatissimum L.).
Oils and fats Soybean soapstocks Oil by-product obtained by the demucilagination (by water) of soybean (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) oil during the refining process. This product is rich in polyunsaturated fatty acids and yellow pigments. It is usually reincorporated to the meal when the oilseed crushers also have oil refining facilities. Synonyme : soap-stocks
Oils and fats Mantur (Matthiola incana) oil Oil extracted from the mantur seed (Matthiola incana R. Br.). Mantur is a Mediterranean cruciferae  whose oil is rich in alpha-linolenic acid. It is usually cultivated for its flowers. Synonym: matthiola.
Oils and fats Nannochloropsis oil Oil extracted from nannochloropsis (Nannochloropsis spp.) using a mixture of ethanol/hexane. Nannochloropsis is a small green flagellate alga that is very commonly used in the aquaculture industry, especially for growing zooplankton such as rotifers or brine shrimps.
Oils and fats Vegetable oils, animal fats and fatty acids, Bergafat K Standardized feed fat based on animal and vegetable fats and fatty acids. This product is to be used in cattle and is made by  Berg + Schmidt (http://www.berg-schmidt.de).
Oils and fats Palm fatty acids acid vegetable oleins Mixture of vegetable acid oleins (rapeseed, sunflower, olive) and palm fatty acids (50-70%). This product is highly variable, due to the changing oil sources.
Oils and fats Acid palm oil Acid oil extracted from the pulp of the fruit of the oil palm tree (usually Elaeis guineensis Jacq.).
Oils and fats Acid palm oil, crude palm oil and palm olein, Bergafat KP Standardized feed fat based on acid palm oil, crude palm oil and palm olein. This product is to be used in cattle and is made by  Berg + Schmidt (http://www.berg-schmidt.de).
Oils and fats Acid palm oil, acid rapeseed oil and other acid vegetable oils Mixture of vegetable oils including palm oil (Elaeis guineensis Jacq.) and rapeseed oil (Brassica napus L. var. napus).
Oils and fats Acid palm oil, crude palm oil and other vegetable acid oils, Solepalm Mixture of vegetable oils including acid palm oil, raw palm oil (Elaeis guineensis Jacq.), other acid vegetable oil such as sunflower oil (Helianthus annuus L.).
Oils and fats Oil for coating Vegetable oil of unspecified origin or species.
Oils and fats Soybean oil, organic Oil extracted from soybean seeds (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) produced by organic farming.
Oils and fats Acid sunflower oil Acid oil extracted from the sunflower seed (Helianthus annuus L.).
Oils and fats Acid palm and acid palm kernel oil Mixture of the acid oils extracted from the pulp and from the kernel of the fruit of the oil palm tree (Elaeis guineensis Jacq.).
Oils and fats Acid soybean oil, acid sunflower oil and acid maize oil Mixture of acid vegetable oils from soybean (Glycine max (L.) Merr.), sunflower (Helianthus annuus L.) and maize (Zea mays L.).
Oils and fats Acid palm oil, acid sunflower oil and acid rapeseed oil Mixture of acid vegetable oils from sunflower (Helianthus annuus L.), rapeseed (Brassica napus L. var. napus) and palm (Elaeis guineensis Jacq.).
Oils and fats Vegetable acid oils and fatty acids, 30% linoleic acid Vegetable fat made of vegetable acid oils and fatty acids, with a linoleic acid content of 30%.
Oils and fats Acid soybean oil, acid sunflower oil, acid rapeseed oil and palm fatty acids Mixture of fatty acids from palm oil refining and acid vegetable oils from soybean (Glycine max (L.) Merr.), sunflower (Helianthus annuus L.) and rapeseed (Brassica napus L. var. napus).
Oils and fats Acid palm oil and fractions of palm oil Mixture of acid palm oil (Elaeis guineensis Jacq.) and fractions of palm oil.
Oils and fats Acid palm oil, acid rapeseed oil and palm fatty acids Mixture of acid palm oil (Elaeis guineensis Jacq.) and fractions of palm fatty acids.
Oils and fats Acid palm oil, acid soybean oil and acid rapeseed oil Mixture of acid vegetable oils from sunflower (Helianthus annuus L.), soybean (Glycine max (L.) Merr. and palm (Elaeis guineensis Jacq.).
Oils and fats Groundnut oil Oil extracted from the seed of the groundnut (Arachis hypogaea L.).
Oils and fats Oleoresine, marigold (Calendula officinalis), saponified Saponified resin extract of marigold (Calendula officinalis L.) used as a colouring agent in food products.
Oils and fats Oleoresine, paprika (Capsicum annuum), saponified Saponified resin extract of paproka (Capsicum annuum L.) used as a colouring agent in food products.
Oils and fats Oleoresine, paprika (Capsicum annuum) Resin extract of paprika (Capsicum annuum L.) used as a colouring agent in food products.
Oils and fats Rapeseed oil, organic Oil extracted from the seed of the rapeseed (Brassica napus L. var. napus.) produced by organic farming.
Oils and fats Recycled oil, frying Recycled oil from frying units etc.
Oils and fats Linseed oil, protected Protected oil extracted from the linseed (Linum usitatissimum L.).
Oils and fats Palm oil, saponified Saponified oil extracted from the pulp of the fruit of the oil palm tree (usually Elaeis guineensis Jacq.).
Oils and fats Squash seed oil Oil extracted from the seed of the cultivated squash (Cucurbita maxima L.).
Oils and fats Olive oil, saponified Saponified oil extracted from the olive pulp (Olea europaea L.)
Oils and fats Calcium soap from palm oil Calcium soap obtained from the reaction between calcium hydroxide and oil palm fatty acids (Elaeis guineensis Jacq.).
Oils and fats Coconut oil Coconut oil (Cocos nucifera L.)
Oils and fats Palm kernel oil Palm kernel oil (Elaeis guineensis Jacq.). Palm kernel oil is extracted from the kernel of the fruit, whereas palm oil is extracted from the pulp (mesocarp) of the fruit.
Oils and fats Tomato seed oil Oil extracted from the tomato seed (Solanum lycopersicum Karst.).
Oils and fats Palm oil nut shells Shells of the palm oil nut (Elaeis guineensis Jacq.).
Oils and fats Groundnut oil, rich in oleic acid Oil extracted from the seed of the groundnut (Arachis hypogaea L.), from cultivars rich in oleic acid
Oils and fats Safflower oil Oil extracted from the seed of the safflower (Carthamus tinctorius L.).
Oils and fats Crude palm oil Crude oil extracted from the pulp of the fruit of the oil palm tree (usually Elaeis guineensis Jacq.).
Oils and fats Rapeseed oil, crude Crude oil extracted from the seed of the rapeseed (Brassica napus L. var. napus).
Oils and fats Poultry fat Animal fat from poultry (chickens).
Oils and fats Skin fat, pig Pure animal fat, obtained from pig skins used for the production of gelatine.
Oils and fats Lard Melted pig fat (Sus scrofa L.).
Oils and fats Animal fat, 15 Animal fat guaranteed to have less than 15% of oleic acidity.
Oils and fats Tallow, raw Animal fat, usually from ruminants, unrefined.
Oils and fats Blend of animal and vegetable fats Blend of animal and vegetable fats.
Oils and fats Animal fat Animal fat of unspecified origin and quality.
Oils and fats Tallow Animal fat, usually from ruminants.
Oils and fats Animal fat, yellow Animal fat, yellow, soft, very unsaturated.
Oils and fats Tallow, refined Animal fat, usually from ruminants, refined.
Oils and fats Skin and hide fat Animal fat obtained from animal skins and hides.
Oils and fats Palmiped fat Animal fat from palmipeds (ducks, geese).
Oils and fats Animal, fat, protected, saponified Protected (protection of fatty acids in the rumen) and saponified animal fat.
Oils and fats Fish oil Fish oil, obtained during the manufacture of fish meal. It is often an unrefined product stabilised with an antioxydant.
Oils and fats Animal fat, hydrogenated Hydrogenated (saturated) animal fat.
Oils and fats Bone fat Animal fat obtained from bones collected for the production of gelatin.
Oils and fats Animal fat, 10 Animal fat guaranteed to have less than 10% of oleic acidity.
Oils and fats Fish oil, anchovy Fish oil, obtained during the manufacture of fish meal from anchovy (Engraulis spp.).
Oils and fats Fish oil, menhaden Fish oil, obtained during the manufacture of fish meal from menhaden (Brevoortia spp.).
Oils and fats Fish oil, herring Fish oil, obtained during the manufacture of fish meal from herring (Clupea harengus).
Oils and fats Fish oil, capelin Fish oil, obtained during the manufacture of fish meal from capelin (Mallotus villosus)
Oils and fats Fish oil, sand eel Fish oil, obtained during the manufacture of fish meal from sand eel (Ammodytes spp.).
Oils and fats Cod liver oil Oil extracted from the liver of fresh cod (Gadus morhua L.). Cod liver oil is mainly a human food or medical product but is also used for veterinary purposes.
Oils and fats Fish oil, tilapia Fish oil, obtained during the manufacture of fish meal from tilapia (Tilapia spp.).
Oils and fats Fish oil, hydrogenated Fish oil, obtained during the manufacture of fish meal and later hydrogenated.
Oils and fats Vegetable oil, hydrogenated Hydrogenated (saturated) vegetable oil
Oils and fats Fish oil, tuna Fish oil, obtained during the manufacture of fish meal from tuna.
Oils and fats Leather meal, hydrolysed Slaughterhouse byproduct obtained from hydrolysed animal hides (leather).
Oils and fats Leather meal, raw Slaughterhouse byproduct obtained from raw animal hides (leather).
Oils and fats Animal fat soapstock By-product of the refining of animal fats. Synonym : soap-stocks
Oils and fats Insect oil, black soldier fly (Hermetia illucens) Huile produite à partir de mouche soldat noire (Hermetia illucens L.)
Dairy products Milk powder, skimmed Skimmed milk powder.
Dairy products Milk powder, added fat, fat 40% Dehydrated milk, with added fat (40% as fed).
Dairy products Milk powder, denatured Milk powder, denatured by the addition of a material that prevents its use as a food product. Denaturation agents include acidification, starch, serum or a coloring agent (azorubine or eosine) (Source : EEC nº1105/68 of the Commission, 27 July 1968).
Dairy products Milk powder, unskimmed Dehydrated milk, unskimmed.
Dairy products Milk powder, unskimmed, Lacta 170 Dehydrated milk, unskimmed. Lacta 170 is the commercial name of a product containing more than 17% crude protein (as fed).
Dairy products Milk powder, added fat and added lactose Combination of 20% spray-dried fat, 20% protein and 34% lactose.
Dairy products Milk powder Combimilk Milk powder for calf breeding. Combimilk is a commercial name.
Dairy products Milk powder, unskimmed, protein < 15% Dehydrated milk, unskimmed, containing less than 15% protein.
Dairy products Milk powder, half-skimmed Partly skimmed milk powder.
Dairy products Whey, dehydrated Dehydrated whey, byproduct of the manufacture of cheese obtained by drying the liquid remaining after the curdling of milk with rennet. This is a generic name used before recoding.
Dairy products Whey, sweet, dehydrated, skimmed Dehydrated and skimmed sweet whey, byproduct of the manufacture of pressed cheese. Proteins and ash content are about 12 and 8 % (as fed) respectively.
Dairy products Whey, sweet, liquid Liquid sweet whey, byproduct of the manufacture of pressed cheese.
Dairy products Whey, acid, skimmed, dehydrated Dehydrated whey, defatted byproduct of the manufacture of soft cheese, obtained by drying the liquid remaining after the curdling of milk with rennet. Proteins and ash content are about 10 and 12 % (as fed) respectively.
Dairy products Whey, milk fat added, fat 30-45%, dehydrated Dehydrated whey to which milk fat has been reincorporated up to a content of 30-45%.
Dairy products Whey, neutralized by lime, dehydrated Dehydrated whey, byproduct of the manufacture of fresh cheese, neutralized by the addition of lime.
Dairy products Whey, liquid, dry matter < 20% Liquid whey.
Dairy products Whey permeate, dehydrated Dehydrated product based on whey, usually obtained by ultrafiltration, where low-molecular weight compounds such as lactose, minerals, non-protein nitrogen and vitamins are filtered.
Dairy products Whey permeate, delactosed, dehydrated Product based on whey, usually obtained by ultrafiltration (extraction of protein), and from which lactose has been partly removed. This product  contains more than 30% lactose, and more than 20% of ash.
Dairy products Whey, milk fat added, 15-30% fat, dehydrated Dehydrated whey to which milk fat has been reincorporated up to a content of 15-30% (as fed)
Dairy products Whey permeate, liquid Liquid product based on whey, usually obtained by ultrafiltration, where low-molecular weight compounds such as lactose, minerals, non-protein nitrogen and vitamins are filtered.
Dairy products Whey, delactosed, dehydrated, protein > 20% Dehydrated whey having a low lactose content (about 40% as fed) and a high protein content (> 20% as fed)
Dairy products Whey, goat, liquid Liquid whey, by-product of goat cheese production.
Dairy products Whey, whole fat or fat added, 4-15% fat, dehydrated Dehydrated whey, non skimmed or with added fat up to a content of 4-15% (as fed).
Dairy products Whey permeate, fresh Liquid product based on whey, usually obtained by ultrafiltration, where low-molecular weight compounds such as lactose, minerals, non-protein nitrogen and vitamins are filtered. This product contains about 60% lactose (dry matter basis).
Dairy products Whey, delactosed, dehydrated, protein < 20% Dehydrated whey having a low lactose content and a less than 20% protein content.
Dairy products Whey protein concentrate, protein 30-40% Whey protein concentrate obtained by ultrafiltration and other concentration methods, followed by drying.
Dairy products Whey protein concentrate, proteins > 50% Whey protein concentrate obtained by ultrafiltration and other concentration methods, followed by drying.
Dairy products Whey permeate, fresh, delactosed Liquid product based on whey, usually obtained by ultrafiltration, where low-molecular weight compounds such as lactose, minerals, non-protein nitrogen and vitamins are filtered. This product contains less than 30% lactose (dry matter basis).
Dairy products Whey, sweet, dehydrated, skimmed, organic Dehydrated and skimmed sweet whey, byproduct of the manufacture of pressed cheese from organic farming. Proteins and ash content are about 12 and 8 % (as fed) respectively.
Dairy products Whey by-product, fresh Fresh by-product based on whey, containing about 50% lactose.
Dairy products Whey, acid, skimmed, dehydrated, organic Dehydrated whey, defatted byproduct of the manufacture of soft cheese, obtained by drying the liquid remaining after the curdling of milk with rennet, produced by organic farming. Proteins and ash content are about 10 and 12 % (as fed) respectively.
Dairy products Whey protein concentrate, protein 40-50% Whey protein concentrate obtained by ultrafiltration and other concentration methods, followed by drying.
Dairy products Whey, milk fat added, fat > 45%, dehydrated Dehydrated whey to which milk fat has been reincorporated up more than 45%.
Dairy products Whey, liquid, dry matter 20-50% Liquid whey.
Dairy products Milk retentate, spray-dried Milk protein concentrate obtained by ultrafiltration, pasteurization, concentration and spray-drying. The retentate contains high-molecular weight molecules, such as proteins, while the permeate contains low-molecular weight molecules such as lactose.
Dairy products Milk retentate, spray-dried, denatured Milk protein concentrate obtained by ultrafiltration, pasteurization, concentration and spray-drying, and denatured by the addition of a material that prevents its use as a food product. Denaturation agents include acidification, starch, serum or a coloring agent (azorubine or eosine) (Source : EEC nº1105/68 of the Commission, 27 July 1968).
Dairy products Casein Milk phosphoprotein.
Dairy products Buttermilk, powder Buttermilk powder. The buttermilk is the white liquid remaining after the churning of cream in the making of butter.
Dairy products Butter oil Fat, cleared fraction of milk, cream and butter, obtained by the separation of non-fat milk solids. Synonymes : anhydrous milkfat, ghee. This product is used to make desserts, puddings and syrups.
Dairy products Lactose Milk sugar.
Dairy products Butter, melted Melted butter
Dairy products Butter Butter
Dairy products Buttermilk, liquid Liquid buttermilk. The buttermilk is the white liquid remaining after the churning of cream in the making of butter.
Dairy products Ice cream Frozen dessert usually made from dairy products, such as milk and cream and often combined with fruits or other ingredients and flavours.
Dairy products Goat milk, fresh Fresh goat milk.
Dairy products Cow milk, fresh Fresh cow milk.
Silages Maize grain silage, moist Ensiled maize grain (Zea mays L.). The grain is humid.
Silages Maize grain silage, moist, ground, treated with propionic acid Ensiled, moist maize grain (Zea mays L.), ground and treated with propionic acid.
Silages Maize silage Ensiled aerial part (whole plant) of maize (Zea mays L.). The "whole plant" consists in the stalks, the leaves and the ears.
Silages Maize silage, DM < 25% Ensiled aerial part (whole plant) of maize (Zea mays L.), containing less than 25%DM.
Silages Maize silage, dry matter 25-30% Ensiled aerial part (whole plant) of maize (Zea mays L.), containing 25-30% of dry matter.
Silages Maize silage, dry matter 30-35% Ensiled aerial part (whole plant) of maize (Zea mays L.), containing 30-35% of dry matter.
Silages Maize silage, dry matter 35-40% Ensiled aerial part (whole plant) of maize (Zea mays L.), containing 35-40% of dry matter.
Silages Maize silage, dough stage Ensiled aerial part (whole plant) of maize (Zea mays L.), harvested at dough stage.
Silages Maize silage, dry matter 40-45% Ensiled aerial part (whole plant) of maize (Zea mays L.), containing 40-45% of dry matter.
Silages Maize silage, dry matter 45-50% Ensiled aerial part (whole plant) of maize (Zea mays L.), containing 45-50% of dry matter.
Silages Maize silage, dehydrated Dehydrated, ensiled aerial part (whole plant) of maize (Zea mays L.). The whole plant consists in the stalks, the leaves and the ears.
Silages Maize silage, dry matter > 50% Ensiled aerial part (whole plant) of maize (Zea mays L.), containing more than 50%DM.
Silages Maize ears silage, dehydrated Dehydrated, ensiled aerial part (whole plant) of maize ears (Zea mays L.).
Silages Ear maize, without husks, silage Ear maize, without husks, silage (Zea mays L.)
Silages Ear maize, without husks, silage, ammonia-treated Ear maize, without husks, silage, ammonia-treated (Zea mays L.)
Silages Ear maize, with husks, silage Ear maize, with husks, silage (Zea mays L.)
Silages Maize silage, milk stage Ensiled aerial part (whole plant) of maize (Zea mays L.), harvested at milk stage.
Silages Ryegrass silage, treated with acid formic Ensiled aerial part of ryegrass (Lolium spp.), treated with formic acid.
Silages Grass silage Ensiled aerial part of grass.
Silages Grass haylage Ensiled and cured aerial part of grass.
Silages Timothy and fescue silage, treated with formic acid Ensiled aerial part of timothy (Phleum pratense L.) and fescue (Festuca spp), treated with formic acid.
Silages Wheat silage Ensiled aerial part of wheat (Triticum spp.).
Silages Grass silage, natural grassland Ensiled aerial part of grass from natural grassland.
Silages Wheat silage, ear formation Ensiled aerial part of wheat (Triticum spp.), harvested at ear formation.
Silages Wheat silage, dehydrated Dehydrated, ensiled aerial part of wheat (Triticum spp.).
Silages Timothy (Phleum pratense), silage Ensiled aerial part of timothy (Phleum pratense L.).
Silages Timothy (Phleum pratense), silage, treated with formic acid Ensiled aerial part of timothy (Phleum pratense L.), treated with formic acid.
Silages Brome silage, treated with formic acid Ensiled aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.), treated with formic acid.
Silages Brome silage Ensiled aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.).
Silages Brome silage, 1st cut Ensiled aerial part of brome (Bromus sitchensis Trin.), 1st cut.
Silages Brome silage, 2nd cut Ensiled aerial part of brome (Bromus sitchensis Trin.), 2nd cut.
Silages Cocksfoot silage, 1st cut Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), 1st cut.
Silages Cocksfoot silage, 2nd cut Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), 2nd cut.
Silages Fescue silage, 1st cut Ensiled aerial part of fescue (Festuca spp.), 1st cut.
Silages Fescue silage, 2nd cut Ensiled aerial part of fescue (Festuca spp.), 2nd cut.
Silages Ryegrass silage, hybrid, 1st cut Ensiled aerial part of hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.), 1st cut.
Silages Ryegrass silage, hybrid, 2nd cut Ensiled aerial part of hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.), 2nd cut.
Silages Sorghum silage, dough stage Ensiled aerial part of sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench), harvested at dough stage.
Silages Ryegrass haylage, perennial Ensiled and cured aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.).
Silages Ryegrass silage, perennial Ensiled aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.).
Silages Ryegrass silage, perennial, formaldehyde-treated Ensiled aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), formaldehyde-treated.
Silages Cocksfoot silage, treated with acid formic Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), treated with formic acid.
Silages Barley silage Ensiled aerial part of barley (Hordeum vulgare L.).
Silages Ryegrass silage, italian Ensiled aerial part of Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.).
Silages Rye silage Ensiled aerial part of rye (Secale secale).
Silages Oat silage Ensiled aerial part of oat (Avena sativa L.).
Silages Triticale silage Ensiled aerial part of triticale (× Triticosecale Wittm. ex A. Camus.).
Silages Sorghum silage Ensiled aerial part of sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench).
Silages Cocksfoot silage Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.).
Silages Fescue silage Ensiled aerial part of fescue (Festuca spp.).
Silages Cocksfoot and perennial ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.) and perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.).
Silages Fescue and perennial ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of fescue (Festuca spp.) and perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.).
Silages Ryegrass, perennial and Italian, silage, 50/50 Ensiled aerial parts of perennial and Italian ryegrass (Lolium perenne L. and Lolium multiflorum Lam.) in identical proportions.
Silages Ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of ryegrass (Lolium spp.).
Silages Sorghum grain silage Ensiled sorghum grains (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench).
Silages Rhodes grass (Chloris gayana), silage Rhodes grass (Chloris gayana Kunth), silage
Silages Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia diplandra), silage Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia diplandra (Hack.) Stapf), silage, aerial part, fresh
Silages Guinea grass (Megathyrsus maximus), silage Guinea grass (Megathyrsus maximus (Jacq.) B. K. Simon & S. W. L. Jacobs), silage
Silages Pearl millet (Pennisetum glaucum), silage Pearl millet (Pennisetum glaucum (L.) R. Br.), silage
Silages Nigeria grass (Pennisetum pedicellatum), aerial part, silage Nigeria grass (Pennisetum pedicellatum Trin.), silage
Silages Elephant grass (Pennisetum purpureum), aerial part, silage Elephant grass (Pennisetum purpureum Schumach.), aerial part, silage
Silages Itchgrass (Rottboellia cochinchinensis), silage Itchgrass (Rottboellia cochinchinensis (Lour.) Clayton), silage
Silages Sweet sorghum, silage Sweet sorghum, silage
Silages Cocksfoot silage, wrapped round bales Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.) using wrapped round bales.
Silages Fescue silage, wrapped round bales Ensiled aerial part of fescue (Festuca spp.), using wrapped round bales
Silages Grass silage, wrapped round bales, dry matter < 30% Ensiled aerial part of grass, using wrapped round bales
Silages Grass silage, natural grassland, wrapped round bales Ensiled aerial part of grass from natural grassland, using wrapped round bales.
Silages Grass silage, temporary grassland Ensiled aerial part of grass from temporary (recently established) grassland.
Silages Perennial ryegrass silage, wrapped round bales Ensiled aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), using wrapped round bales.
Silages Italian ryegrass silage, wrapped round bales Ensiled aerial part of Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.), using wrapped round bales.
Silages Hybrid ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.).
Silages Brome, cocksfoot and hybrid ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.), cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.) and hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.).
Silages Cocksfoot and fescue silage Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.) and fescue (Festuca spp.).
Silages Cocksfoot and fescue silage, wrapped round bales Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.) and fescue (Festuca spp.), using wrapped rounded bales.
Silages Cocksfoot and ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.) and ryegrass (Lolium spp.).
Silages Cocksfoot and ryegrass silage, wrapped round bales Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.) and ryegrass (Lolium spp.) using wrapped round bales.
Silages Grass silage, Poaceae Ensiled aerial part of grass from the Poaceae family.
Silages Grass silage, Poaceae, wrapped round bales Ensiled aerial part of grass from the Poaceae family, using wrapped round bales.
Silages Fescue and perennial ryegrass silage, wrapped round bales Ensiled aerial part of fescue (Festuca spp.) and perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), using wrapped round bales
Silages Hybrid ryegrass and perennial ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.) and hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.).
Silages Italian and perennial ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.) and Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.).
Silages Italian and perennial ryegrass silage, wrapped round bales Ensiled aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.) and Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.), using wrapped round bales
Silages Brome, Italian ryegrass and perennial ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.), perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.) and Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.).
Silages Cocksfoot, Italian ryegrass and perennial ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.) and Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.).
Silages Brome and hybrid ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.) and hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.).
Silages Cocksfoot and hybrid ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.) and hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.).
Silages Brome, cocksfoot and Italian ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.), cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.) and Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.).
Silages Brome, cocksfoot, fescue and Italian ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.), cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), fescue (Festuca spp.) and Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.).
Silages Cocksfoot and Italian ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.) and Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.).
Silages Cocksfoot, fescue and Italian ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), fescue (Festuca spp.) and Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.).
Silages Italian ryegrass, perennial ryegrass and triticale silage Ensiled aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.) and triticale (× Triticosecale Wittm. ex A. Camus.).
Silages Fescue and ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of fescue (Festuca spp.) and ryegrass (Lolium spp.).
Silages Oat and wheat silage Ensiled aerial part of oat (Avena sativa L.) and wheat (Triticum spp.)
Silages Ryegrass and berseem silage Ensiled aerial part of ryegrass (Lolium spp.) and berseem (Trifolium alexandrinum L.).
Silages Setaria (Setaria spp.) silage Ensiled aerial part of setaria (Setaria spp.).
Silages Triticale silage, ear appearance Ensiled aerial part of triticale (× Triticosecale Wittm. ex A. Camus.).
Silages Guatemala grass (Tripsacum laxum), aerial part, silage Guatemala grass (Tripsacum latifolium Hitchc.), aerial part, silage
Silages Giant star grass (Cynodon plectostachyus), aerial part, silage Giant star grass (Cynodon plectostachyus (K. Schum.) Pilger), aerial part, silage
Silages Aristida (Aristida mutabilis), aerial part, silage Aristida (Aristida mutabilis Trin. & Rupr.), aerial part, silage
Silages Indian sandbur (Cenchrus biflorus), silage Indian sandbur (Cenchrus biflorus Roxb.), silage
Silages Eragrostis (Eragrostis tremula), silage Eragrostis (Eragrostis tremula (Lam.) Steud.), silage
Silages Giant reed (Arundo donax), aerial part, silage Giant reed (Arundo donax L.), aerial part, silage
Silages Black oat (Avena strigosa), aerial part, silage Black oat (Avena strigosa Schreb.), aerial part, silage
Silages Tall fescue silage Ensiled aerial part of fescue (Festuca arundinacea L.).
Silages Sudan grass (Sorghum x drummondii), silage Ensiled aerial part of Sudan grass (Sorghum x drummondii (Steud.) Millsp. & Chas)
Silages Wheat, aerial part, silage, milk stage Ensiled aerial part of wheat (Triticum aestivum L.), fresh, harvested at milk stage
Silages Wheat, aerial part, silage, dough stage Ensiled aerial part of wheat (Triticum aestivum L.), fresh, harvested at milk stage
Silages Wheat, aerial part, silage, dough stage, NaOH-treated Ensiled aerial part of wheat (Triticum aestivum L.), fresh, harvested at dough stage, NaOH-treated
Silages Spear grass (Heteropogon contortus), silage Spear grass (Heteropogon contortus (L.) Beauv. ex Roem. & Schult.), aerial part, silage
Silages Rice straw, silage Ensiled rice straw (Oriza sativa L.).
Silages Wheat straw, silage Ensiled wheat straw (Triticum spp..
Silages Pangola (Digitaria eriantha), silage Ensiled aerial part of pangola (Digitaria eriantha Steud.)
Silages Dal grass (Hymenachne amplexicaulis), silage Ensiled aerial part of dal grass (Hymenachne amplexicaulis (Rudge) Nees)
Silages Jaragua (Hyparrhenia rufa), silage Ensiled aerial part of jaragua (Hyparrhenia rufa (Nees) Stapf)
Silages Kikuyu (Pennisetum clandestinum), silage Ensiled aerial part of kikuyu (Pennisetum clandestinum Hochst.)
Silages Para grass (Brachiaria mutica), silage Ensiled aerial part of para grass (Brachiaria mutica (Forssk.) Stapf)
Silages Ryegrass silage, perennial, treated with formic acid Ensiled aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), treated with formic acid
Silages Ryegrass silage, perennial, enzyme treatment Ensiled aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), treated with enzymes
Silages Bermuda grass (Cynodon dactylon), haylage Sun-cured and ensiled aerial part of Bermuda grass (Cynodon dactylon Pers.)
Silages Foxtail millet (Setaria italica), silage Ensiled aerial part of foxtail millet (Setaria italica (L.) Beauv.)
Silages Grass haylage, organic Ensiled and cured aerial part of grass, obtained by organic farming
Silages Smooth brome (Bromus inermis), silage Ensiled aerial part of smooth brome (Bromus inermis Leyss)
Silages Meslin silage, mix of cereal and legume forage A mixture of cereal and legume forage._x000D_
The term "méteil" has different meanings in French._x000D_
- Originally, it refers to a mixture of wheat and rye grown together, called meslin in English._x000D_
- Since the end of the 20th century, it has been used to refer to mixtures of cereals (wheat, rye, oats, triticale) and legumes (peas, vetch, faba beans) harvested either as green fodder or as grain. The product identified here corresponds to the latter definition (grain mixture).
Silages Sorghum silage, wrapped round bale Ensiled aerial part of sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench), wrapped round bale.
Silages Grass silage, wrapped round bales, dry matter 30-60% Ensiled aerial part of grass, using wrapped round bales
Silages Grass silage, wrapped round bales, dry matter 60-80% Ensiled aerial part of grass, using wrapped round bales
Silages Grass silage, wrapped round bales, dry matter > 80% Ensiled aerial part of grass, using wrapped round bales
Silages Meslin silage, mix of cereal and legume forage, wrapped bales A mixture of cereal and legume forage._x000D_
The term "méteil" has different meanings in French._x000D_
- Originally, it refers to a mixture of wheat and rye grown together, called meslin in English._x000D_
- Since the end of the 20th century, it has been used to refer to mixtures of cereals (wheat, rye, oats, triticale) and legumes (peas, vetch, faba beans) harvested either as green fodder or as grain. The product identified here corresponds to the latter definition (grain mixture).
Silages Alfalfa silage Ensiled aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.).
Silages Leek (Allium porrum), silage Ensiled aerial part of leek (Allium porrum L.). This is a crop residue.
Silages Alfalfa haylage Ensiled and cured aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.).
Silages Celery byproduct, ensiled Ensiled byproduct of celery transformation (Apium graveolens L.), consisting probably in parts unfit for human consumption.
Silages Common bean (Phasolus vulgaris), stalk, silage Ensiled stalks of common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.).
Silages Grapevine branches and leaves, ensiled, untreated Ensiled branches and leaves of grapevine (Vitis vinifera L.), untreated.
Silages Grapevine branches and leaves, ensiled, treated with formic acid Ensiled branches and leaves of grapevine (Vitis vinifera L.), treated with formic acid.
Silages Grapevine branches and leaves, ensiled, treated with formaldehyde and sulfuric acid Ensiled branches and leaves of grapevine (Vitis vinifera L.), treated with formaldehyde and sulfuric acid.
Silages Sugarcane silage Ensiled aerial part of sugarcane (Saccharum officinarum L.).
Silages Sugarcane silage, NaOH-treated Ensiled aerial part of sugarcane (Saccharum officinarum L.), alkali-treated.
Silages Pea, garden, crop byproduct, ensiled Ensiled aerial part of garden pea (Pisum sativum L.). This is a crop residue probably consisting of leaves, stalks and empty pods.
Silages Artichoke cannery byproduct, ensiled Ensiled byproduct of artichoke canneries (Cynara cardunculus L.), consisting probably in leaves, stalks and flowers.
Silages Cassava, aerial part, ensiled Ensiled leaves and stalks of cassava (Manihot esculenta Crantz).
Silages Sunflower silage Ensiled aerial part of sunflower (Helianthus annuus L.).
Silages Alfalfa and grass silage, 2nd cut Ensiled aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.) and grass (2nd cut).
Silages Alfalfa and grass silage, 1st cut Ensiled aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.) and grass (1st cut).
Silages Alfalfa silage, 4th cut Ensiled aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), 4th cut.
Silages Alfalfa silage, 1st cut Ensiled aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), 1st cut.
Silages Alfalfa silage, 2nd cut Ensiled aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), 2nd cut.
Silages Red clover silage, 1st cut Ensiled aerial part of red clover (Trifolium pratense L.), 1st cut.
Silages Red clover silage, 2nd cut Ensiled aerial part of red clover (Trifolium pratense L.), 2nd cut.
Silages Faba, aerial part, ensiled, flowering stage Ensiled aerial part of faba bean (Vicia faba L.), harvested at flowering stage.
Silages Faba, aerial part, ensiled, pods formation Ensiled aerial part of faba bean (Vicia faba L.), harvested when the pods are forming.
Silages Faba, aerial part, ensiled, treated with formic acid Ensiled aerial part of faba bean (Vicia faba L.), treated with formic acid.
Silages Alfalfa silage, early flowering Ensiled aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), harvested when flowering begins.
Silages Alfalfa silage, treated with formic acid Ensiled aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), treated with formic acid.
Silages Rape silage, aerial part Ensiled aerial part of rape (Brassica napus L.).
Silages Carnation (Dianthus caryophillus), byproduct, ensiled Ensiled byproduct of carnation harvest (Dianthus caryophillus L.).
Silages Kenaf (Hibiscus cannabinus), aerial part, silage Ensiled aerial part (apical part) of kenaf (Hibiscus cannabinus L.). The apical part is harvested so that the stalk can be used for pulp (fibre) production. Other names : ambari, mesta, roselle, jamaica sorrel.
Silages Perennial ryegrass and white clover silage Ensiled aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.) and white clover (Trifolium repens L.).
Silages Alfalfa and perennial ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.) and perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.).
Silages Red clover silage Ensiled aerial part of red clover (Trifolium pratense L.),
Silages White clover silage Ensiled aerial part of white clover (Trifolium repens L.)
Silages Pineapple (Ananas comosus), leaves and fruit tops, silage Pineapple (Ananas comosus), leaves and fruit tops, silage
Silages Groundnut tops, silage Groundnut tops, silage
Silages Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia spp.), silage Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia spp.), silage
Silages Mango (Mangifera indica), fruits, silage Mango (Mangifera indica L.), fruits, silage
Silages Stylo (Stylosanthes guianensis), silage Stylo (SStylosanthes guianensis (Aublet) Sw.), silage
Silages Alfalfa silage, wrapped round bales Ensiled aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.) using wrapped round bales.
Silages Clover silage Ensiled aerial part of clover (Trifolium spp.)
Silages Clover silage, wrapped round bales Ensiled aerial part of clover (Trifolium spp.), using wrapped round bales.
Silages Alfalfa, brome and cocksfoot silage Ensiled aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.), cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.) and alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.).
Silages Alfalfa and brome silage Ensiled aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.) and alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.).
Silages Clover, cocksfoot, fescue and silage, wrapped round bales Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), fescue (Festuca spp.) and clover (Trifolium spp.), using wrapped rounded bales.
Silages Clover, cocksfoot and fescue silage Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), fescue (Festuca spp.) and clover (Trifolium spp.).
Silages Alfalfa and cocksfoot silage Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.) and alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.).
Silages Alfalfa and cocksfoot silage, wrapped round bales Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.) and alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.) using wrapped round bales.
Silages Alfalfa, clover, cocksfoot, and perennial ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), clover (Trifolium spp.) and perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.).
Silages Alfalfa, cocksfoot, clover and ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), clover (Trifolium spp.), alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.) and ryegrass (Lolium spp.).
Silages Alfalfa, cocksfoot, clover and ryegrass silage, wrapped round bales Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.) and ryegrass (Lolium spp.), using wrapped round bales.
Silages Alfalfa, cocksfoot and hybrid ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.) and hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.).
Silages Clover, cocksfoot and ryegrass silage, wrapped round bales Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), ryegrass (Lolium spp.) and clover (Trifolium spp.) using wrapped round bales.
Silages Clover and cocksfoot silage, wrapped round bales Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.) and clover (Trifolium spp.), using wrapped round bales.
Silages Clover and cocksfoot silage Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.) and clover (Trifolium spp.)
Silages Red clover and cocksfoot silage Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.) and red clover (Trifolium repens L.)
Silages Alfalfa and fescue silage Ensiled aerial part of fescue (Fescuta L.) and alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.).
Silages Alfalfa and fescue silage, wrapped round bales Ensiled aerial part of fescue (Fescuta L.) and alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.)using wrapped round bales.
Silages Vetch, oat, faba and pea silage Ensiled aerial part of vetch (unspecified genus Lathryus or Vicia), oat (Avena sativa L.), faba (Vicia faba L.) and pea (Pisum sativum L.).
Silages Grass and legume silage Ensiled aerial part of grass and legumes.
Silages Grass and legume silage, wrapped round bales Ensiled aerial part of grass and legumes, using wrapped round bales.
Silages Legume silage Ensiled aerial part of legumes.
Silages Red clover, cocksfoot and ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), ryegrass (Lolium spp.) and red clover (Trifolium pratense L.).
Silages Natural grassland, and hybrid ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of grass from natural grassland and hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.).
Silages Alfalfa, cocksfoot and perennial ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.) and perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.).
Silages Cocksfoot, perennial ryegrass and hybrid ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.) and hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.).
Silages Red clover, cocksfoot and perennial ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.) and red clover (Trifolium pratense L.).
Silages White clover, fescue and perennial ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of fescue (Festuca spp.), perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.) and white clover (Trifolium repens L.).
Silages Red clover, fescue and perennial ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of fescue (Festuca spp.), perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.) and red clover (Trifolium pratense L.).
Silages Grass, natural grassland, clover, cocksfoot and perennial ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of grass from natural grassland, cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), clover (Trifolium spp.) and perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.).
Silages Clover, hybrid ryegrass and perennial ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.) and clover (Trifolium spp.).
Silages Red clover, hybrid ryegrass and perennial ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.) and red clover (Trifolium pratense L.).
Silages Red clover, Italian ryegrass and perennial ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.) and red clover (Trifolium pratense L.).
Silages Clover and perennial ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.) and clover (Trifolium spp.).
Silages Clover and perennial ryegrass silage, wrapped round bales Ensiled aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.) and clover (Trifolium spp.), using wrapped round bales.
Silages White clover and perennial ryegrass, wrapped round bales Ensiled aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.) and white clover (Trifolium repens L.), using wrapped round bales.
Silages White clover, cocksfoot and perennial ryegrasssilage Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.) and white clover (Trifolium repens L.).
Silages Red clover and perennial ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.) and red clover (Trifolium pratense L.).
Silages Red clover and perennial ryegrass silage, wrapped round bales Ensiled aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.) and red clover (Trifolium pratense L.), using wrapped round bales.
Silages Clover, cocksfoot, fescue and hybrid ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), fescue (Festuca spp.), hybride ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.) and clover (Trifolium spp.).
Silages Alfalfa, red clover and perennial ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), red clover (Trifolium pratense L.) and perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.).
Silages Alfalfa, red clover, cocksfoot and hybrid ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), red clover (Trifolium pratense L.) and hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.).
Silages Alfalfa, clover, cocksfoot and hybrid ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), clover (Trifolium spp.) and hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.).
Silages Clover, cocksfoot and hybrid ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), clover (Trifolium spp.) and hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.).
Silages Alfalfa, cocksfoot, fescue and hybrid ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), fescue (Festuca spp.) and hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.).
Silages Natural grassland, legumes and hybrid ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of grass from natural grassland, legumes and hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.).
Silages Cover and hybrid ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of clover (Trifolium spp.) and hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.).
Silages Red clover and hybrid ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.) and red clover (Trifolium pratense L.).
Silages Red clover and hybrid ryegrass silage, wrapped round bales Ensiled aerial part of hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.) and red clover (Trifolium pratense L.), using wrapped round bales.
Silages Afalfa, brome and Italian ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.), afalfa (Medicago sativa L.) and Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.).
Silages Alfalfa, cocksfoot, fescue and Italian ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), fescue (Festuca spp.), alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.) and Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.).
Silages Alfalfa, cocksfoot and Italian ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.) and Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.).
Silages Cocksfoot, hybrid ryegrass and Italian ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.) and Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.).
Silages Clover, cocksfoot, hybrid ryegrass and Italian ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.), Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.) and clover (Trifolium spp.).
Silages Alfalfa and Italian ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.) and Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.).
Silages Natural grassland, and Italian ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of grass from natural grassland and Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.).
Silages Alfalfa, cocksfoot, Italian ryegrass and perennial ryegrass silage Alfalfa, cocksfoot, Italian ryegrass and perennial ryegrass silage
Silages Fescue, Italian ryegrass and perennial ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of fescue (Festuca spp.), perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.) and Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.).
Silages Alfalfa, Italian ryegrass and perennial ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.) and Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.).
Silages Clover, Italian ryegrass and perennial ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.) and clover (Trifolium spp.).
Silages White clover, Italian ryegrass and perennial ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.) and white clover (Trifolium repens L.).
Silages Hybrid ryegrass and Italian ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.) and Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.).
Silages Clover, hybrid ryegrass and Italian ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.), Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.) and clover (Trifolium spp.).
Silages Clover and Italian ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.) and clover (Trifolium spp.).
Silages Red clover and Italian ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.) and red clover (Trifolium pratense L.).
Silages White clover and Italian ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.) and white clover (Trifolium repens L.).
Silages Clover, cocksfoot and Italian ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.) and clover (Trifolium spp.).
Silages Alfalfa, clover, cocksfoot and Italian ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.) and clover (Trifolium spp.).
Silages Clover, afalfa and Italian ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.) and clover (Trifolium spp.).
Silages Clover, cocksfoot, Italian ryegrass and perennial ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.) and clover (Trifolium spp.).
Silages Clover and ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of ryegrass (Lolium spp.) and clover (Trifolium spp.).
Silages Clover and ryegrass silage, wrapped round bales Ensiled aerial part of ryegrass (Lolium spp.) and clover (Trifolium spp.), using wrapped round bales.
Silages Brome, clover and cocksfoot silage Ensiled aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.), cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.) and clover (Trifolium spp.)
Silages Brome, clover, cocksfoot and hybrid ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.), cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.) and clover (Trifolium spp.)
Silages Clover and fescue silage Ensiled aerial part of fescue (Festuca spp.) and clover (Trifolium spp.).
Silages Natural grassland, alfalfa, clover, Italian ryegrass and perennial ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of grass from natural grassland, alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.) and clover (Trifolium spp.).
Silages Alfalfa, clover and perennial ryegrass silage Ensiled aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), clover (Trifolium spp.) and perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.).
Silages Vetch and oat silage Ensiled aerial part of vetch (unspecified genus Lathryus or Vicia) and oat (Avena sativa L.).
Silages Berseem (Trifolium alexandrinum), silage Ensiled aerial part of berseem (Trifolium alexandrinum L.). Berseem is a Mediterranean legume.
Silages Chick vetch (Lathyrus cicera) silage Ensiled aerial part of chick vetch (Lathyrus cicera L.).
Silages Pea silage Ensiled aerial part of pea (Pisum sativum L.).
Silages Grass pea (Lathyrus sativus) silage Ensiled aerial part of grass pea (Lathyrus sativus L.).
Silages Hairy vetch (Vicia villosa) silage Ensiled aerial part of hairy vetch (Vicia villosa Roth). In Portugese : gramicha.
Silages Ochre vetch (Lathyrus ochrus) silage Ensiled aerial part of ochre vetch (Lathyrus ochrus DC.).
Silages Purple vetch (Vicia benghalensis) silage Ensiled aerial part of purple vetch (Vicia benghalensis L.).
Silages Faba, aerial part, ensiled Ensiled aerial part of faba bean (Vicia faba L.), harvested at flowering stage.
Silages Fescue and white clover silage Ensiled aerial part of fescue (Festuca spp.) and white clover (Trifolium repens L.).
Silages Soybean silage, aerial part Ensiled aerial part of soybean (Glycine max (L.) Merr.).
Silages Tomato branches, ensiled Ensiled tomato branches (Solanum lycopersicum Karst.).
Silages Lupin silage Ensiledd aerial part of lupin (Lupinus spp.).
Silages Persian clover (Trifolium resupinatum), silage Ensiled aerial part of Persian clover (Trifolium resupinatum L.).
Silages Birdsfoot trefoil (Lotus corniculatus), aerial part, silage Birdsfoot trefoil (Lotus corniculatus L.), aerial part, silage
Silages Sainfoin (Onobrychis viciifolia), aerial part, silage Sainfoin (Onobrychis viciifolia Scop.), aerial part, silage
Silages Taro (Colocasia esculenta), leaves, silage Taro (Colocasia esculenta (L.) Schott), leaves, silage
Silages Sugarcane tops, silage Sugarcane tops, silage (Saccharum officinarum L.)
Silages Red clover (Trifolium pratense), wrapped round bale Red clover (Trifolium pratense L.), wrapped round bale
Silages Paper mulberry (Broussonetia papyrifera), leaves, silage Paper mulberry (Broussonetia papyrifera (L.) Vent.), leaves, silage
Silages Cotton straw, ensiled Cotton straw, ensiled (Gossypium spp.)
Silages Sulla (Hedysarum coronarium), aerial part, silage Sulla (Hedysarum coronarium L.), aerial part, silage
Silages Sour clover (Melilotus indicus), aerial part, silage Sour clover (Melilotus indicus (L.) All.), aerial part, silage
Silages Moringa (Moringa oleifera), leaves, silage Moringa (Moringa oleifera Lam.), leaves, silage
Silages Arrowroot (Maranta arundinacea), aerial part, ensiled Arrowroot (Maranta arundinacea L.), aerial part, ensiled
Silages Arrowroot (Maranta arundinacea), starch by-product, ensiled Arrowroot (Maranta arundinacea L.), starch by-product, ensiled
Silages Beet leaves, ensiled Ensiled beet leaves (Beta vulgaris L.).
Silages Malva (Malva spp.), silage Ensiled aerial part of mallow (Malva spp.)
Silages Olive, leaves, silage Ensiled leaves of olive (Olea europaea L.)
Silages Sugarcane bagasse, silage Sugarcane (Saccharum officinarum L.) bagasse, ensiled
Silages Tomato peels, ensiled Ensiled tomato peels (Solanum lycopersicum Karst.).
Silages Bitter vetch (Vicia ervilia), aerial part, silage Ensiled aerial part of bitter vetch (Vicia ervilia Willd.)
Silages Faba bean hay Sun-cured aerial part of faba bean (Vicia faba L.)
Silages Common vetch (Vicia sativa), aerial part, silage Ensiled aerial part of common vetch (Vicia sativa L.)
Silages Subclover (Trifolium subterraneum), silage Ensiled aerial part of subclover (Trifolium subterraneum L.).
Silages Erodium (Erodium botrys), silage Ensiled aerial part of erodium (Erodium botrys (Cav.) Bertol.)
Silages Artichoke (Cynara cardunculus), silage Ensiled aerial part of artichoke (Cynara cardunculus L.)
Silages Alfalfa silage, treated with formaldehyde Ensiled aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), treated with formaldehyde
Silages Alfalfa silage, treated with bacteria Ensiled aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), treated with bacteria
Silages Alfalfa silage, treated with formic acid and formaldehyde Ensiled aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), treated with formic acid and formaldehyde
Silages Alfalfa silage, treated with an organic acid Ensiled aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), treated with an organic acid
Silages Kudzu (Pueraria montana), silage Ensiled aerial part of kudzu (Pueraria montana (Lour.) Merr.)
Silages Niger (Guizotia abyssinica), silage Ensiled aerial part of niger (Guizotia abyssinica (L.f.) Cass.)
Silages Beet tops, silage Ensiled beet tops (Beta vulgaris L.). The tops are the part between the root and the stalk. Beet tops are a crop residue.
Silages Black gram (Vigna mungo), silage Ensiled aerial part of black gram (Vigna mungo (L.) Hepper)
Silages Pineapple (Ananas comosus), leaves, silage Ensiled leaves of pineapple (Ananas comosus (L.) Merr.)
Silages Potato, aerial part, silage Ensiled aerial part of potato (Solanum tuberosum L.)
Silages Safflower (Carthamus tinctorius), silage Ensiled aerial part of safflower (Carthamus tinctorius L.)
Silages Sissoo (Dalbergia sissoo), silage Ensiled aerial part of sissoo (Dalbergia sissoo Roxb.)
Silages Vetch, oat and barley silage Ensiled aerial part of vetch (Lathryus or Vicia), oat (Avena sativa L.) and barley (Hordeum vulgare L.)
Silages American aspen (Populus tremuloides), silage Ensiled aerial part of american aspen (Populus tremuloides Michx.)
Silages American elm (Ulmus americana), silage Ensiled aerial part of american elm (Ulmus americana L.)
Silages Black alder (Alnus glutinosa), silage Ensiled aerial part of black alder (Alnus glutinosa (L.) Gaertn.)
Silages Black locust (Robinia pseudoacacia), silage Ensiled aerial part of black locust (Robinia pseudoacacia L.)
Silages Black willow (Salix nigra), silage Ensiled aerial part of black willow (Salix nigra Marshall)
Silages Butterfly pea (Clitoria ternatea), silage Ensiled aerial part of butterfly pea (Clitoria ternatea L.)
Silages Tree of heaven (Ailanthus altissima), silage Ensiled aerial part of tree of heaven (Ailanthus altissima (Mill.) Swingle)
Silages Eastern cottonwood (Populus deltoides), silage Ensiled aerial part of eastern cottonwood (Populus deltoides Marshall)
Silages Red ash (Fraxinus pennsylvanica), silage Ensiled aerial part of red ash (Fraxinus pennsylvanica Marshall)
Silages Honey locust (Gleditsia triacanthos), silage Ensiled aerial part of honey locust (Gleditsia triacanthos L.)
Silages Jerusalem artichoke (Helianthus tuberosus), aerial part, silage Ensiled aerial part of jerusalem artichoke (Helianthus tuberosus L.)
Silages Manicoba (Manihot pseudoglaziovii), silage Ensiled aerial part of manicoba (Manihot pseudoglaziovii Pax & K.Hoffm.)
Silages Oil palm leaves, silage Oil palm (Elaeis guineensis Jacq.), silage
Silages Oil palm leaves, silage, NaOH-treated Oil palm (Elaeis guineensis Jacq.), silage
Silages Oil palm leaves, silage, urea-treated Oil palm (Elaeis guineensis Jacq.), urea-treated
Silages Sunflower silage, NaOH-treated Ensiled aerial part of sunflower (Helianthus annuus L.), NaOH-treated
Silages Sunflower silage, urea-treated [7677] Ensiled aerial part of sunflower (Helianthus annuus L.), urea-treated
Silages Sweet potato (Ipomoea batatas), silage Ensiled aerial part of sweet potato (Ipomoea batatas (L.) Lam.)
Silages Paper birch (Betula papyrifera), silage Ensiled aerial part of paper birch (Betula papyrifera Marshall)
Silages Alfalfa silage, organic Ensiled aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), obtained by organic farming
Silages Clover and afalfa silage, organic Ensiled aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.) and clover (Trifolium spp.), obtained by organic farming
Silages Faba, oat and barley silage Ensiled aerial part of faba (Vicia faba L.), oat (Avena sativa L.) and barley (Hordeum vulgare L.)
Silages Slenderleaf (Crotalaria brevidens), silage Ensiled aerial part of slenderleaf (Crotalaria brevidens Benth.)
Silages Mediterranean saltbush (Atriplex halimus), silage Ensiled aerial part of Mediterranean saltbush (Atriplex halimus L.)
Silages Blue lupin (Lupin angustifolius), silage Ensiled aerial part of blue lupin (Lupin angustifolius L.)
Silages Buckwheat (Fagopyrum esculentum), silage Ensiled aerial part of buckwheat (Fagopyrum esculentum L.)
Silages Perennial peanut (Arachis glabrata), silage Ensiled aerial part of perennial peanut (Arachis glabrata Benth.)
Silages Quinoa (Chenopodium quinoa), silage Ensiled aerial part of quinoa (Chenopodium quinoa Willd.)
Silages Jack tree (Artocarpus heterophyllus), fruit, silage Ensiled fruit of jack tree (Artocarpus heterophyllus Lam.)
Silages Tomato crop residue, silage Ensiled byproduct of tomato (Solanum lycopersicum Karst.) processing, consisting probably of aerial parts.
Silages Cucumber (Cucumis sativus), crop residues silage Ensiled crop residues of cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.)
Silages Chicory (Cichorium intybus), silage Ensiled aerial part of chicory (Cichorium intybus L.)
Silages Alfalfa, white clover, red clover, wrapped round bales Ensiled aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), white clover (Trifolium repens L.), red clover (Trifolium pratense L.), wrapped round bales.
Silages Alfalfa, leaves, ensiled Ensiled leaves of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.). Synonym (France): PAREP, massai. This mode of harvesting also produces a fibre-rich product.
Silages Red clover, leaves, ensiled Ensiled leaves of alfalfa (Trifolium pratense L).
Silages Grassland silage, fescue, perennial ryegrass, white clover, red clover, round bales Grassland silage, baled, of fescue (Festuca spp. L.), perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), white clover (Trifolium repens L.), red clover (Trifolium pratense L.).
Silages Alfalfa, leaves, ensiled with maize Ensiled leaves of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.). Synonym (France): PAREP, massai. This mode of harvesting also produces a fibre-rich product.
Dry forages Ryegrass, hybrid, hay, early flowering, 2nd cut Sun-cured aerial part of hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.), harvested at beginning of flowering, 2nd cut.
Dry forages Ryegrass, hybrid, hay, all ears apparent, 2nd cut Sun-cured aerial part of hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.), 2nd cut, harvested when all ears are apparent.
Dry forages Grass, dehydrated and ground, 1st cut Dehydrated, ground aerial part of grass, 1st cut.
Dry forages Grass, dehydrated and ground, 3rd cut Dehydrated, ground aerial part of grass, 3rd cut.
Dry forages Grass, dehydrated and pelleted Dehydrated and pelleted aerial part of grass.
Dry forages Grass, dehydrated and pelleted, 1st cut Dehydrated and pelleted aerial part of grass, 1st cut.
Dry forages Grass, dehydrated and ground, 2nd cut Dehydrated, ground aerial part of grass, 2nd cut.
Dry forages Grass, dehydrated and pelleted, 2nd cut Dehydrated and pelleted aerial part of grass, 2nd cut.
Dry forages Grass, dehydrated and pelleted, 3rd cut Dehydrated and pelleted aerial part of grass, 3rd cut.
Dry forages Elephant grass (Pennisetum purpureum), aerial part, dry Dehydrated aerial part of elephant grass (Pennisetum purpureum Schumach.).
Dry forages Ryegrass, perennial, hay Sun-cured aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.).
Dry forages Ryegrass hay Sun-cured aerial part of ryegrass (Lolium spp.).
Dry forages Ryegrass, italian, hay Sun-cured aerial part of Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.).
Dry forages Grass, dehydrated and ground Dehydrated, ground aerial part of grass.
Dry forages Cocksfoot hay, ammonia-treated Sun-cured aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), ammonia-treated.
Dry forages Fescue hay Sun-cured aerial part of fescue (Festuca spp).
Dry forages Tall fescue hay, ammonia-treated Sun-cured aerial part of tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea L.), treated with ammonia.
Dry forages Ryegrass, perennial, hay, ammonia-treated (oven) Sun-cured aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), ammonia-treated in oven.
Dry forages Ryegrass, perennial, hay, ammonia-treated (silo) Sun-cured aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), ammonia-treated in a silo.
Dry forages Timothy (Phleum pratense), hay Sun-cured aerial part of timothy (Phleum pratense L.).
Dry forages Timothy (Phleum pratense), hay, ammonia-treated Sun-cured aerial part of timothy (Phleum pratense L.), ammonia-treated.
Dry forages Ryegrass hay, before ear appearance, 1st cut Sun-cured aerial part of ryegrass (Lolium spp.), 1st cut, harvested before ear appearance.
Dry forages Ryegrass, perennial, hay, ammonia-treated, before ear appearance, 1st cut Sun-cured aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), ammonia-treated, 1st cut, harvested before ear appearance.
Dry forages Ryegrass, perennial, hay, ears apparent, 1st cut Sun-cured aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), 1st cut, harvested during ear appearance.
Dry forages Ryegrass, perennial, hay, ammonia-treated, ears apparent, 1st cut Sun-cured aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), ammonia-treated, 1st cut, harvested during ear appearance.
Dry forages Ryegrass, perennial, hay, ammonia-treated, all ears apparent, 1st cut Sun-cured aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), ammonia-treated, 1st cut, harvested when all ears are apparent.
Dry forages Fescue hay, flowering Sun-cured aerial part of fescue (Festuca spp).
Dry forages Cocksfoot hay Sun-cured aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.).
Dry forages Sorghum leaves, dry Dehydrated sorghum leaf (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench).
Dry forages Bermuda grass (Cynodon dactylon), hay Sun-cured aerial part of Bermuda grass (Cynodon dactylon Pers.).
Dry forages Swaziland finger grass (Digitaria swazilandensis), aerial part, dry Dehydrated aerial part of Swaziland finger grass (Digitaria swazilandensis Stent), a South African fodder grass.
Dry forages Para grass (Brachiaria mutica), hay Sun-cured aerial part of Para grass (Brachiaria mutica (Forssk.) Stapf).
Dry forages Caucasian bluestem (Bothriochloa caucasica) hay Sun-cured aerial part of Caucasian bluestem (Bothriochloa caucasica (Trin.) C.E. Hubb).
Dry forages Rhodes grass (Chloris gayana), hay Sun-cured aerial part of Rhodes grass (Chloris gayana Kunth).
Dry forages Wheat hay Sun-cured aerial part of wheat (Triticum spp.).
Dry forages Pearl millet (Pennisetum glaucum), hay Sun-cured aerial part of pearl millet (Pennisetum glaucum (L.), R. Br.).
Dry forages Oat hay Sun-cured aerial part of oat (Avena sativa L.).
Dry forages Grass hay, natural grassland, 2nd cut Sun-cured aerial part of grass from natural grassland, 2nd cut.
Dry forages Cocksfoot hay, early flowering Sun-cured aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.) harvest at the beginning of flowering.
Dry forages Cocksfoot, aerial part, dry Dehydrated aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.).
Dry forages Ryegrass, aerial part, dehdrated Dehydrated aerial part of ryegrass (Lolium spp.).
Dry forages Grass hay, natural grassland Sun-cured aerial part of grass from natural grassland.
Dry forages Cocksfoot hay, 3rd cut Sun-cured aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylus glomerata L.), 3rd cut.
Dry forages Brome hay Sun-cured aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.).
Dry forages Ryegrass, perennial, hay, 1st cut Sun-cured aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), 1st cut.
Dry forages Ryegrass, perennial, hay, 2nd cut Sun-cured aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), 2nd cut.
Dry forages Quackgrass (Elymus repens subsp. repens), hay, early ear formation Sun-cured aerial part of quackgrass (Elymus repens (L.) Gould subsp. repens), harvested when the ears begin to form.
Dry forages Quackgrass (Elymus repens subsp. repens), hay, early ear appearance Sun-cured aerial part of quackgrass (Elymus repens (L.) Gould subsp. repens), harvested when the ears begin to appear.
Dry forages Timothy (Phleum pratense), hay, all ears apparent Sun-cured aerial part of timothy (Phleum pratense L.), harvested when the ears are apparent.
Dry forages Timothy (Phleum pratense), hay, ear formation Sun-cured aerial part of timothy (Phleum pratense L.), harvested at ear formation.
Dry forages Timothy (Phleum pratense), hay, early ear appearance Sun-cured aerial part of timothy (Phleum pratense L.), harvested when the ears begin to appear.
Dry forages Guinea grass (Megathyrsus maximus), aerial part, dry Dehydrated aerial part of Guinea grass (Megathyrsus maximus (Jacq.) B. K. Simon & S. W. L. Jacobs.).
Dry forages Cocksfoot hay, early ear appearance Sun-cured aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), harveste when the ears begin to appear.
Dry forages Weeping love grass (Eragrostis curvula), hay Sun-cured aerial part of a teff species (Eragrostis curvula (Schrad.) Nees.).
Dry forages Tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of tall fescue (Festuca pratensis L.).
Dry forages Grass hay Sun-cured aerial part of grass.
Dry forages Brome, aerial part, dehydrated Dehydrated aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.).
Dry forages Kikuyu (Pennisetum clandestinum), aerial part, dry Dehydrated aerial part of kikuyu grass (Pennisetum clandestinum Hochst.). Kikuyu is a tall graminea from Africa and South America used as fodder.
Dry forages Cocksfoot and fescue hay Sun-cured aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.) and fescue (Festuca spp.).
Dry forages Meadow fescue (Festuca pratensis), hay, 1st cut, ear appearance, chopped Sun-cured aerial part of meadow fescue (Festuca pratensis L.), harvested at 1st cut, ear appearance and chopped.
Dry forages Meadow fescue (Festuca pratensis), hay, 1st cut, ear appearance, ground Sun-cured aerial part of meadow fescue (Festuca pratensis L.), harvested at 1st cut, ear appearance and ground.
Dry forages Meadow fescue (Festuca pratensis), hay, 1st cut, ear appearance, pelleted Sun-cured aerial part of meadow fescue (Festuca pratensis L.), harvested at 1st cut, ear appearance and pelleted.
Dry forages Ryegrass, hybrid, 1st cut, hay, ear appearance, chopped Sun-cured aerial part of hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.), harvested at 1st cut, ear appearance and chopped.
Dry forages Rye grass, hybrid, 1st cut, hay, ear appearance, ground Sun-cured aerial part of hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.), harvested at 1st cut, ear appearance and ground.
Dry forages Rye grass, hybrid, 1st cut, hay, ear appearance, pelleted Sun-cured aerial part of hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.), harvested at 1st cut, ear appearance and pelleted.
Dry forages Grass hay, natural grassland, 1st cut, chopped Sun-cured aerial part of grass from natural grassland, 1st cut, chopped.
Dry forages Grass hay, natural grassland, 1st cut, ground Sun-cured aerial part of grass from natural grassland, 1st cut, ground.
Dry forages Grass hay, natural grassland, 1st cut, pelleted Sun-cured aerial part of grass from natural grassland, 1st cut, ground.
Dry forages Grass hay, Crau plain, 2nd cut Grass hay, Crau plain, 2nd cut
Dry forages Gamba grass (Andropogon gayanus), hay Gamba grass (Andropogon gayanus Kunth), hay
Dry forages Gamba grass (Andropogon gayanus), stems, dry Gamba grass (Andropogon gayanus Kunth), stems
Dry forages Aristida (Aristida pallida), aerial part, dry Aristida (Aristida pallida Trin.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Aristida (Aristida mutabilis), fruits, dry Aristida (Aristida mutabilis Trin. & Rupr.), fruits, dry
Dry forages Aristida (Aristida pallida), fruits, dry Aristida (Aristida pallida Trin.), fruits, dry
Dry forages Aristida (Aristida stipoides), aerial part, dry Aristida (Aristida stipoides Brown.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Blepharis (Blepharis linariifolia), fruits, dry Blepharis (Blepharis linariifolia Pers.), fruits, dry
Dry forages Bread grass (Brachiaria brizantha), hay Bread grass (Brachiaria brizantha (A. Rich.) Stapf), hay
Dry forages Signal grass (Brachiaria decumbens), hay Signal grass (Brachiaria decumbens Stapf), hay
Dry forages Koronivia grass (Brachiaria humidicola), hay Koronivia grass (Brachiaria humidicola Stapf), hay
Dry forages Congo grass (Brachiaria ruziziensis), hay Congo grass (Brachiaria ruziziensis Germ. & Evrard), hay
Dry forages Brachiaria (Brachiaria xantholeuca), hay Brachiaria (Brachiaria xantholeuca (Schinz) Stapf), hay
Dry forages Indian sandbur (Cenchrus biflorus), aerial part, dry Indian sandbur (Cenchrus biflorus Roxb.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Chloris (Chloris pilosa), aerial part, dry Chloris (Chloris pilosa Schumach.a), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Ctenium (Ctenium elegans), stems, dry Ctenium (Ctenium elegans Kunth), stems, dry
Dry forages Pangola (Digitaria eriantha), hay Pangola (Digitaria eriantha Steud.), hay
Dry forages Diheteropogon (Diheteropogon hagerupii), aerial part, dry Diheteropogon (Diheteropogon hagerupii Hitchc), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Antelope grass (Echinochloa pyramidalis), rhizome, dry Antelope grass (Echinochloa pyramidalis (Lam.) Hitchc. & Chase.), rhizome
Dry forages Burgu (Echinochloa stagnina), hay Burgu (Echinochloa stagnina P. Beauv.), hay
Dry forages Fescue (Festuca orthophylla), hay Fescue (Festuca orthophylla Pilger), hay
Dry forages Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia diplandra), hay Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia diplandra (Hack.) Stapf), hay
Dry forages Blue panic (Panicum antidotale), hay Blue panic (Panicum antidotale Retz.), hay
Dry forages Panic (Panicum brevifolium), aerial part, fresh Panic (Panicum brevifolium L.), aerial part, fresh
Dry forages Guinea grass (Megathyrsus maximus), hay Sun-cured aerial part of guinea grass (Megathyrsus maximus (Jacq.) B. K. Simon & S. W. L. Jacobs)
Dry forages Panic (Panicum turgidum), hay Panic (Panicum turgidum Forssk.), hay
Dry forages Panic (Panicum turgidum), fruits, dry Panic (Panicum turgidum Forssk.), fruits, dry
Dry forages Paspalum (Paspalum paniculatum), aerial part, dry Paspalum (Paspalum paniculatum L.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Pearl millet (Pennisetum glaucum), aerial part, dry Pearl millet (Pennisetum glaucum (L.) R. Br.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Nigeria grass (Pennisetum pedicellatum), hay Nigeria grass (Pennisetum pedicellatum Trin.), hay
Dry forages Nigeria grass (Pennisetum pedicellatum), fruits, dry Nigeria grass (Pennisetum pedicellatum Trin.), fruits
Dry forages Perennial ryegrass hay, 3rd cut Perennial ryegrass hay, 3rd cut
Dry forages Sorghum hay Sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench) hay
Dry forages Wild sorghum (Sorghum bicolor subsp. verticilliflorum), tops, dry Wild sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench subsp. verticilliflorum (Steud.) de Wet ex Wiersema & J. Dahlb.), tops, dry
Dry forages Stenotaphrum (Stenotaphrum glabrum), aerial part, dry Stenotaphrum (Stenotaphrum glabrum Trin.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Pangola (Digitaria eriantha), aerial part, dry Pangola (Digitaria eriantha Steud.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Golden millet (Setaria sphacelata), hay Golden millet (Setaria sphacelata (Schumach.) Stapf & C.E.Hubb. ex Moss), hay
Dry forages Aristida (Aristida mutabilis), aerial part, dry Aristida (Aristida mutabilis Trin. & Rupr.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Eragrostis (Eragrostis tremula), hay Eragrostis (Eragrostis tremula (Lam.) Steud.), hay
Dry forages Aristida (Aristida funiculata), aerial part, dry Aristida (Aristida funiculata Trin. & Rupr.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Brachiaria (Brachiaria brachylopha), aerial part, dry Brachiaria (Brachiaria brachylopha Stapf), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Schoenefeldia (Schoenefeldia gracilis), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of schoenefeldia (Schoenefeldia gracilis Kunth)
Dry forages Browntop millet (Brachiaria ramosa), aerial part, dry Browntop millet (Brachiaria ramosa (L.) Stapf), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Schizachyrium (Schizachyrium exile), aerial part, dry Schizachyrium (Schizachyrium exile (Hochst.) Pilger), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Gamba grass (Andropogon gayanus), flowers, dry Gamba grass (Andropogon gayanus Kunth), flowers, dry
Dry forages Jungle rice (Echinochloa colona), aerial part, dry Jungle rice (Echinochloa colona (L.) Link), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Italian ryegrass hay, 1st cut Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.) hay, 1st cut
Dry forages Italian ryegrass hay, 2nd cut Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.) hay, 2nd cut
Dry forages Ryegrass hay, Italian, 3rd cut Sun-cured aerial part of Italian rye-grass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.), 3rd cut.
Dry forages Congo grass (Brachiaria ruziziensis), aerial part, dry Congo grass (Brachiaria ruziziensis Germ. & Evrard), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Gamba grass (Andropogon gayanus), aerial part, dry Gamba grass (Andropogon gayanus Kunth), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Andropogon (Andropogon ascinodis), aerial part, dry Andropogon (Andropogon ascinodis CB. Clarke), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Common needle grass (Aristida adscensionis), aerial part, dry Common needle grass (Aristida adscensionis L.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Aristida (Aristida longiflora), aerial part, dry Aristida (Aristida longiflora Schumach. & Thonn.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Aristida (Aristida plumosa), aerial part, dry Aristida (Aristida plumosa Desf.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Carpet grass (Axonopus fissifolius), aerial part, dry Carpet grass (Axonopus fissifolius (Raddi) Kuhlm.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Indian bluegrass (Bothriochloa pertusa), aerial part, dry Indian bluegrass (Bothriochloa pertusa (L.) A. Camus., aerial part, dry
Dry forages Antelope grass (Echinochloa pyramidalis), aerial part, dry Antelope grass Echinochloa pyramidalis (Lam.) Hitchc. & Chase.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Elionurus (Elionurus elegans), aerial part, dry Elionurus (Elionurus elegans Kunth), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia diplandra), aerial part, dry Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia diplandra (Hack.) Stapf), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Scrobic (Paspalum scrobiculatum), aerial part, dry Scrobic (Paspalum scrobiculatum L.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Schizachyrium (Schizachyrium sanguineum), aerial part, dry Schizachyrium (Schizachyrium sanguineum (Retz.) Alston), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Sporobolus (Sporobolus spicatus), aerial part, dry Sporobolus (Sporobolus spicatus (Vahl) Kunth.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Blanket grass (Axonopus compressus), aerial part, dry Blanket grass (Axonopus compressus (Sw.) P. Beauv.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Bread grass (Brachiaria brizantha), aerial part, dry Bread grass (Brachiaria brizantha (A. Rich.) Stapf), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Brachiaria (Brachiaria jubata), aerial part, dry Brachiaria (Brachiaria jubata (Fig. & De Not.) Stapf), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Para grass (Brachiaria mutica), aerial part, dry Para grass (Brachiaria mutica (Forssk.) Stapf), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Buffel grass (Cenchrus ciliaris), aerial part, dry Buffel grass (Cenchrus ciliaris L.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Yellow thatching grass (Hyperthelia dissoluta), aerial part, dry Yellow thatching grass (Hyparrhenia dissoluta (Nees ex Steud.) C.E.Hubb.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Coloured Guinea grass (Panicum coloratum), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of coloured Guinea grass (Panicum coloratum L.)
Dry forages Finger millet (Eleusine coracana), aerial part, dry Finger millet (Eleusine coracana (L.) Gaertn.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Weeping love grass (Eragrostis curvula), aerial part, dry Weeping love grass (Eragrostis curvula (Schrad.) Nees.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Eragrostis (Eragrostis tremula), aerial part, dry Eragrostis (Eragrostis tremula (Lam.) Steud.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Spear grass (Heteropogon contortus), aerial part, dry Spear grass (Heteropogon contortus (L.) Beauv. ex Roem. & Schult.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia bracteata), aerial part, dry Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia bracteata (Humb. & Bonpl. ex Willd.) Stapf), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia spp.), aerial part, dry Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia spp.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Sewan grass (Lasiurus scindicus), aerial part, dry Sewan grass (Lasiurus scindicus Henrard), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Molasses grass (Melinis minutiflora), aerial part, dry Molasses grass (Melinis minutiflora Beauv.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Panic (Steinchisma laxum), aerial part, dry Steinchisma (Steinchisma laxum (Sw.) Zuloaga), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Panic (Panicum turgidum), aerial part, dry Panicum (Panicum turgidum Forssk.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Paspalum (Paspalum vaginatum), aerial part, dry Paspalum (Paspalum urvillei Steud.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Paspalum (Paspalum virgatum), aerial part, dry Paspalum (Paspalum virgatum L.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Mission grass (Pennisetum polystachion), aerial part, dry Mission grass (Pennisetum polystachion (L.) Schultes), aerial part, wilted
Dry forages Schizachyrium (Schizachyrium platyphyllum), aerial part, dry Schizachyrium (Schizachyrium platyphyllum (Franch.) Stapf), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Sporobolus (Sporobolus africanus), aerial part, dry Sporobolus (Sporobolus africanus (Poir.) Robyns & Tournay), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Rhodes grass (Chloris gayana), aerial part, dry Rhodes grass (Chloris gayana Kunth), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Grass hay, pelleted Sun-cured, pelleted aerial part of grass.
Dry forages Bermuda grass (Cynodon dactylon), aerial part, dehydrated Dehydrated aerial part of Bermuda grass (Cynodon dactylon Pers.).
Dry forages Hybrid ryegrass hay Sun-cured aerial part of hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.), harvested at 1st cut, ear appearance and ground.
Dry forages Alfalfa and cocksfoot hay Sun-cured aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.) and alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.).
Dry forages Cocksfoot and ryegrass hay Sun-cured aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.) and ryegrass (Lolium spp.).
Dry forages Red clover, cocksfoot, fescue, perennial ryegrass and hybrid ryegrass hay Sun-cured aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), fescue (Festuca spp.), perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.) and red clover (Trifolium pratense L.).
Dry forages Clover, cocksfoot and ryegrass hay Sun-cured aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), clover (Trifolium spp.) and ryegrass (Lolium spp.).
Dry forages Grass hay, Poaceae Sun-cured aerial part of grass from the Poaceae family.
Dry forages Grass, Poaceae, fresh Fresh aerial part of grass from the Poaceae family.
Dry forages Clover, cocksfoot and perennial ryegrass hay Sun-cured aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.) and clover (Trifolium spp).
Dry forages Red clover, fescue and perennial ryegrass hay Sun-cured aerial part of fescue (Festuca spp.), perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.) and red clover (Trifolium pratense L.).
Dry forages Grass, natural grassland, cocksfoot and perennial ryegrass hay Sun-cured aerial part of grass from natural grassland, cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.) and perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.).
Dry forages White clover and perennial ryegrass hay Sun-cured aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.) and white clover (Trifolium repens L.).
Dry forages Red clover and perennial ryegrass hay Sun-cured aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.) and red clover (Trifolium pratense L.).
Dry forages Red clover and hybrid ryegrass hay Sun-cured aerial part of hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.) and red clover (Trifolium pratense L.).
Dry forages Miscanthus (Miscanthus ×giganteus), aerial part, dry Dehydrated aerial part of miscanthus (Miscanthus ×giganteus J. M. Greef & Deuter ex Hodk. & Renvoize).
Dry forages Fescue (Festuca spp.), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of fescue (Festuca spp.).
Dry forages Grass hay, Crau plain Grass hay, Crau plain
Dry forages Barley hay Sun-cured aerial part of barley (Hordeum vulgare L).
Dry forages Sweet sorghum, aerial part, dry Sweet sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench), aerial part, dehydrated
Dry forages Fescue hay, organic Sun-cured aerial part of fescue (Festuca spp.), obtained by organic farming.
Dry forages Ryegrass hay, organic Sun-cured aerial part of ryegrass (Lolium spp.), obtained by organic farming.
Dry forages Oat hay, 1st cut Sun-cured aerial part of oat (Avena sativa L.).
Dry forages Oat hay, 2nd cut Sun-cured aerial part of oat (Avena sativa L.).
Dry forages Oat hay, 3rd cut Sun-cured aerial part of oat (Avena sativa L.).
Dry forages Oat hay, early ear appearance Sun-cured aerial part of oat (Avena sativa L.).
Dry forages Oat hay, ear appearance Sun-cured aerial part of oat (Avena sativa L.).
Dry forages Ryegrass hay, early grain formation Sun-cured aerial part of ryegrass (Lolium spp.), harvested at beginning of grain formation
Dry forages Ryegrass hay, early ear appearance Sun-cured aerial part of ryegrass (Lolium spp.), harvested at early ear appearance.
Dry forages Ryegrass hay, ear appearance Sun-cured aerial part of ryegrass (Lolium spp.), harvested at ear appearance.
Dry forages Ryegrass and Persian clover hay Sun-cured aerial part of ryegrass (Lolium spp.) and Persian clover (Trifolium resupinatum L.).
Dry forages Ryegrass and Persian clover silage Ensiled aerial part of ryegrass (Lolium spp.) and Persian clover (Trifolium resupinatum L.).
Dry forages Red clover and ryegrass hay Sun-cured aerial part of ryegrass (Lolium spp.) and red clover (Trifolium pratense L.).
Dry forages Rye hay Sun-cured aerial part of rye (Secale cereale L.).
Dry forages Rye hay, grain formation Sun-cured aerial part of rye (Secale cereale L.).
Dry forages Rye hay, early ear appearance Sun-cured aerial part of rye (Secale cereale L.).
Dry forages Rye hay, ear appearance Sun-cured aerial part of rye (Secale cereale L.).
Dry forages Barley hay, 1st cut Sun-cured aerial part of barley (Hordeum vulgare L).
Dry forages Barley hay, 2nd cut Sun-cured aerial part of barley (Hordeum vulgare L).
Dry forages Barley hay, 3rd cut Sun-cured aerial part of barley (Hordeum vulgare L).
Dry forages Barley hay, ear appearance Sun-cured aerial part of barley (Hordeum vulgare L).
Dry forages Creeping soft grass (Holcus mollis), hay Sun-cured aerial part of creeping soft grass (Holcus mollis L.).
Dry forages Triticale hay Sun-cured aerial part of triticale (× Triticosecale Wittm. ex A. Camus.).
Dry forages Triticale hay, grain formation Sun-cured aerial part of triticale (× Triticosecale Wittm. ex A. Camus.).
Dry forages Triticale hay, early ear appearance Sun-cured aerial part of triticale (× Triticosecale Wittm. ex A. Camus.).
Dry forages Triticale hay, flowering Sun-cured aerial part of triticale (× Triticosecale Wittm. ex A. Camus.).
Dry forages Triticale hay, ear appearance Sun-cured aerial part of triticale (× Triticosecale Wittm. ex A. Camus.).
Dry forages Setaria (Setaria spp.), hay Setaria (Setaria spp.) hay
Dry forages Sudan grass (Sorghum x drummondii), hay Sudan grass (Sorghum x drummondii (Steud.) Millsp. & Chas), hay
Dry forages Indian sandbur (Cenchrus biflorus), hay Indian sandbur (Cenchrus biflorus Roxb.), hay
Dry forages Creeping bluegrass (Bothriochloa insculpta), hay Creeping bluegrass (Bothriochloa insculpta (Hochst. ex A. Rich.) A. Camus), hay
Dry forages Buffel grass (Cenchrus ciliaris), hay Buffel grass (Cenchrus ciliaris L.), hay
Dry forages Giant star grass (Cynodon plectostachyus), hay Giant star grass (Cynodon plectostachyus (K. Schum.) Pilger), hay
Dry forages Perennial ryegrass, aerial part, dried Perennial ryegrass, aerial part, dried (Lolium perenne L.)
Dry forages Star grass (Cynodon nlemfuensis), hay Star grass (Cynodon nlemfuensis Vanderyst), hay
Dry forages Brachiaria (Brachiaria dictyoneura), hay Brachiaria (Brachiaria dictyoneura (Fig. & De Not.) Stapf), hay
Dry forages Enteropogon (Enteropogon macrostachyus), hay Enteropogon (Enteropogon macrostachyus (Hochst. ex A. Rich.) Munro ex Benth.), hay
Dry forages Masai love grass (Eragrostis superba), hay Masai love grass (Eragrostis superba Peyr.), hay
Dry forages Sain grass (Sehima nervosa), hay Sain grass (Sehima nervosa (Rottler) Stapf), hay
Dry forages Trachypogon (Trachypogon sp.), hay Trachypogon (Trachypogon sp.), hay
Dry forages Aristida (Aristida congesta), aerial part, dry Aristida (Aristida congesta Roem. & Schult.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Red oat grass (Themeda triandra), aerial part, dry Red oat grass (Themeda triandra Forssk.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Aristida (Aristida mutabilis), aerial part, hay Aristida (Aristida mutabilis Trin. & Rupr.), aerial part, hay
Dry forages Veld grass hay Veld grass hay
Dry forages Columbus grass (Sorghum x almum), hay Columbus grass (Sorghum x almum Parodi), hay
Dry forages King grass (Pennisetum purpureum x Pennisetum glaucum), aerial part, dry King grass (Pennisetum purpureum x Pennisetum glaucum), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Alexander grass (Brachiaria plantaginea), hay Alexander grass (Brachiaria plantaginea (Link) Hitchc.), hay
Dry forages Chrysopogon (Chrysopogon aucheri), aerial part, dry Chrysopogon (Chrysopogon aucheri (Boiss.) Stapf), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Beckeropsis (Beckeropsis uniseta), aerial part, dry Beckeropsis (Beckeropsis uniseta (Nees) K.Schum), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Brachiaria (Brachiaria xantholeuca), aerial part, dry Brachiaria (Brachiaria xantholeuca (Schinz) Stapf), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Digitaria (Digitaria horizontalis), aerial part, dry Digitaria (Digitaria horizontalis Willd.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Eragrostis (Eragrostis pilosa), aerial part, dry Eragrostis (Eragrostis pilosa (L.) P. Beauv.), aerial part, fresh
Dry forages Jaragua (Hyparrhenia rufa), aerial part, dry Jaragua (Hyparrhenia rufa (Nees) Stapf), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia gracilescens), aerial part, dry Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia gracilescens Stapf), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Elephant grass (Pennisetum purpureum v. merkeri), aerial part, dry Elephant grass (Pennisetum purpureum v. merkeri), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Urelytrum (Urelytrum thyrsoides), aerial part, dry Urelytrum (Urelytrum thyrsoides Stapf.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Wild rice (Oryza barthii), aerial part, dry Wild rice (Oryza barthii A. Chev.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Crested wheatgrass (Agropyron cristatum) hay Sun-cured aerial part of crested wheatgrass (Agropyron cristatum (L.) Gaertn.)
Dry forages Wheatgrass (Agropyron desertorum) hay Sun-cured aerial part of wheatgrass (Agropyron desertorum (Fisch. ex Link) Schult.)
Dry forages Tall wheatgrass (Elymus elongatus) hay Sun-cured aerial part of tall wheatgrass (Elymus elongatus (Host) Runemark)
Dry forages Intermediate wheatgrass (Elymus hispidus) hay Sun-cured aerial part of intermediate wheatgrass (Elymus hispidus (Opiz) Melderis)
Dry forages Meadow foxtail (Alopecurus pratensis), hay Sun-cured aerial part of meadow foxtail (Alopecurus pratensis L.)
Dry forages Tall fescue hay, NaOH-treated Sun-cured aerial part of tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea L.), treated with ammonia.
Dry forages Meadow fescue (Festuca pratensis), hay Sun-cured aerial part of meadow fescue (Festuca pratensis L.), harvested at 1st cut, ear appearance and ground.
Dry forages Annual ryegrass (Lolium rigidum), hay Annual ryegrass (Lolium rigidum Gaudin), hay
Dry forages Annual ryegrass (Lolium rigidum), straw Annual ryegrass (Lolium rigidum Gaudin), straw
Dry forages Common reed (Phragmites australis), hay Common reed (Phragmites australis (Cav.) Trin. ex Steud.), hay
Dry forages Spotted brachiaria (Brachiaria nigropedata), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of spotted brachiaria (Brachiaria nigropedata (Munro ex Ficalho & Hiern) Stapf)
Dry forages Blackseed grass (Chloris virgata), aerial part, dry Blackseed grass (Chloris virgata Swartz.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Brachiaria (Brachiaria marlothii), aerial part, dry Brachiaria (Brachiaria marlothii (Hack.) Stent), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Eragrostis (Eragrostis rigidior), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of eragrostis (Eragrostis rigidior Pilg.)
Dry forages Kachi grass (Cymbopogon caesius), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of kachi grass (Cymbopogon caesius (Hook. & Arn.) Stapf)
Dry forages Lehmann love grass (Eragrostis lehmanniana), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of lehmann love grass (Eragrostis lehmanniana Nees)
Dry forages Masai love grass (Eragrostis superba), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of masai love grass (Eragrostis superba Peyr.)
Dry forages Digitaria (Digitaria milanjiana), aerial part, dry Digitaria (Digitaria milanjiana (Rendle) Stapf), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Natal grass (Melinis repens), aerial part, dry Natal grass (Melinis repens (Willd.) Zizka), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Schmidtia (Schmidtia pappophoroides), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of schmidtia (Schmidtia pappophoroides Steud.)
Dry forages Soft-feather pappus grass (Enneapogon cenchroides), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of soft-feather pappus grass (Enneapogon cenchroides (Licht. ex Roem. & Schult.) C.E.Hubb.)
Dry forages Tragus (Tragus racemosus), aerial part, dry Tragus (Tragus racemosus (L.) Allioni), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Urochloa (Urochloa trichopus), aerial part, dry Urochloa (Urochloa trichopus (Hochst.) Stapf), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Australian bluestem grass (Bothriochloa intermedia), hay Sun-cured aerial part of Australian bluestem grass (Bothriochloa bladhii (Retz.) S.T.Blake)
Dry forages Guria grass (Chrysopogon fulvus), hay Sun-cured aerial part of guria grass (Chrysopogon fulvus (Spreng.) Chiov.)
Dry forages Giant star grass (Cynodon aethiopicus), hay Sun-cured aerial part of giant star grass (Cynodon aethiopicus Clayton & Harland)
Dry forages Marvel grass (Dichanthium annulatum), hay Marvel grass (Dichanthium annulatum (Forssk.) Stapf), hay
Dry forages Ravenna grass (Saccharum ravennae), hay Sun-cured aerial part of ravenna grass (Saccharum ravennae (L.) L.)
Dry forages Spear grass (Heteropogon contortus), hay Spear grass (Heteropogon contortus (L.) Beauv. ex Roem. & Schult.), hay
Dry forages Alang-alang (Imperata cylindrica), hay Sun-cured aerial part of alang-alang (Imperata cylindrica (L.) Raeusch.)
Dry forages Musal grass (Iseilema laxum), hay Sun-cured aerial part of musal grass (Iseilema laxum Hack.)
Dry forages Sewan grass (Lasiurus scindicus), hay Sun-cured aerial part of sewan grass (Lasiurus scindicus Henrard)
Dry forages Molasses grass (Melinis minutiflora),hay Sun-cured aerial part of molasses grass (Melinis minutiflora Beauv.)
Dry forages Natal grass (Melinis repens), hay Natal grass (Melinis repens (Willd.) Zizka), aerial part, hay
Dry forages Antelope grass (Echinochloa pyramidalis), hay Sun-cured aerial part of antelope grass (Echinochloa pyramidalis (Lam.) Hitchc. & Chase)
Dry forages Big-leaf bristle grass (Setaria megaphylla), hay Sun-cured aerial part of big-leaf bristle grass (Setaria megaphylla (Steud) Dur. & Schinz.)
Dry forages Blackseed grass (Chloris virgata), hay Sun-cured aerial part of blackseed grass (Chloris virgata Sw.)
Dry forages Digitaria (Digitaria gazensis), hay Sun-cured aerial part of digitaria (Digitaria gazensis Rendle)
Dry forages Dubi grass (Urochloa oligotricha), hay Sun-cured aerial part of dubi grass (Urochloa oligotricha (Fig. & De Not.) Henrard)
Dry forages Egyptian crowfoot grass (Dactyloctenium aegyptium), hay Sun-cured aerial part of egyptian crowfoot grass (Dactyloctenium aegyptium (L.) Willd.)
Dry forages Digitaria (Digitaria milanjiana), hay Sun-cured aerial part of digitaria (Digitaria milanjiana (Rendle) Stapf)
Dry forages Sabi grass (Urochloa mosambicensis), hay Sun-cured aerial part of sabi grass (Urochloa mosambicensis (Hack.) Dandy)
Dry forages Smooth senna (Senna septemtrionalis), hay Sun-cured aerial part of smooth senna (Senna septemtrionalis (Viv.) H.S.Irwin & Barneby)
Dry forages Whorled dropseed (Sporobolus indicus), hay Sun-cured aerial part of whorled dropseed (Sporobolus indicus (L.) R. Br.)
Dry forages Yellow thatching grass (Hyperthelia dissoluta), hay Sun-cured aerial part of yellow thatching grass (Hyperthelia dissoluta (Nees ex Steud.) Clayton)
Dry forages Bahia grass (Paspalum notatum), hay Sun-cured aerial part of bahia grass (Paspalum notatum Flügge)
Dry forages German grass (Echinochloa polystachya), hay Sun-cured aerial part of german grass (Echinochloa polystachya (Kunth) Hitchc.)
Dry forages Honduras grass (Ixophorus unisetus), hay Sun-cured aerial part of honduras grass (Ixophorus unisetus (J.Presl) Schltdl.)
Dry forages Cockspur grass (Echinochloa crus-galli), hay Sun-cured aerial part of cockspur grass (Echinochloa crus-galli (L.) P.Beauv.)
Dry forages Itchgrass (Rottboellia cochinchinensis), hay Sun-cured aerial part of itchgrass (Rottboellia cochinchinensis (Lour.) Clayton)
Dry forages Paspalum (Paspalum plicatulum), hay Sun-cured aerial part of paspalum (Paspalum plicatulum Michx)
Dry forages Kotschya (Kotschya africana), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of kotschya (Kotschya africana Endl.)
Dry forages Elephant bush (Portulacaria afra), hay Sun-cured aerial part of elephant bush (Portulacaria afra (L.) Jacq.)
Dry forages Johnson grass (Sorghum halepense), hay Sun-cured aerial part of johnson grass (Sorghum halepense (L.) Pers.)
Dry forages Goose grass (Eleusine indica), hay Sun-cured aerial part of goose grass (Eleusine indica (L.) Gaertn.)
Dry forages Dichanthium (Dichanthium caricosum), hay Sun-cured aerial part of dichanthium (Dichanthium caricosum (L.) A.Camus)
Dry forages Switchgrass (Panicum virgatum), hay Sun-cured aerial part of switchgrass (Panicum virgatum L.)
Dry forages Coloured Guinea grass (Panicum coloratum), hay Sun-cured aerial part of coloured Guinea grass (Panicum coloratum L.)
Dry forages Dallis grass (Paspalum dilatatum), hay Sun-cured aerial part of dallis grass (Paspalum dilatatum Poir.)
Dry forages Kikuyu (Pennisetum clandestinum), hay Sun-cured aerial part of kikuyu (Pennisetum clandestinum Hochst.)
Dry forages Giant setaria (Setaria sphacelata), hay Sun-cured aerial part of giant setaria (Setaria sphacelata (Schumach.) Stapf & C.E.Hubb. ex Moss)
Dry forages Andropogon (Andropogon spp.), hay Sun-cured aerial part of andropogon (Andropogon spp.)
Dry forages Bermuda grass (Cynodon dactylon x Cynodon nlemfuensis), hay Sun-cured aerial part of bermuda grass (Cynodon dactylon x Cynodon nlemfuensis)
Dry forages Big bluestem (Andropogon gerardii), hay Sun-cured aerial part of big bluestem (Andropogon gerardii Vitman)
Dry forages Dal grass (Hymenachne amplexicaulis), hay Sun-cured aerial part of dal grass (Hymenachne amplexicaulis (Rudge) Nees)
Dry forages Foxtail millet (Setaria italica), hay Sun-cured aerial part of foxtail millet (Setaria italica (L.) Beauv.)
Dry forages Grass hay, ammonia-treated Sun-cured aerial part of grass, ammonia-treated
Dry forages Guinea grass (Megathyrsus maximus), hay, urea-treated Sun-cured aerial part of guinea grass (Megathyrsus maximus (Jacq.) B. K. Simon & S. W. L. Jacobs)
Dry forages Jaragua (Hyparrhenia rufa), hay Sun-cured aerial part of jaragua (Hyparrhenia rufa (Nees) Stapf)
Dry forages Land grass (Panicum schinzii), hay Sun-cured aerial part of land grass (Panicum schinzii Hack.)
Dry forages Limpo grass (Hemarthria altissima), hay Sun-cured aerial part of limpo grass (Hemarthria altissima (Poir.) Stapf & CE Hubbard)
Dry forages Nile grass (Acroceras macrum), hay Sun-cured aerial part of nile grass (Acroceras macrum Stapf)
Dry forages Pennisetum (Pennisetum stramineum), hay Sun-cured aerial part of pennisetum (Pennisetum stramineum Peter)
Dry forages Common millet (Panicum miliaceum), hay Sun-cured aerial part of common millet (Panicum miliaceum L.)
Dry forages Red oat grass (Themeda triandra), hay Sun-cured aerial part of red oat grass (Themeda triandra Forssk.)
Dry forages Rice (Oriza sativa), hay Sun-cured aerial part of rice (Oriza sativa L.)
Dry forages Schizachyrium (Schizachyrium stoloniferum), hay Sun-cured aerial part of schizachyrium (Schizachyrium stoloniferum Nash)
Dry forages Smooth brome (Bromus inermis), hay Sun-cured aerial part of smooth brome (Bromus inermis Leyss)
Dry forages Sorghum x Sudan grass (Sorghum bicolor x Sorghum x drummondii), hay Cross Sorgho (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench) x Sudan grass (Sorghum x drummondii (Steud.) Millsp. & Chas), hay
Dry forages St Augustine grass (Stenotaphrum secundatum), hay Sun-cured aerial part of St Augustine grass (Stenotaphrum secundatum (Walter) O. Kuntze)
Dry forages Sudan grass (Sorghum x drummondii), hay, urea-treated Sudan grass (Sorghum x drummondii (Steud.) Millsp. & Chas), hay, urea-treated
Dry forages Teff (Eragrostis tef), hay Sun-cured aerial part of teff (Eragrostis tef (Zucc.) Trotter)
Dry forages Woolly finger grass (Digitaria eriantha subsp.pentzii), hay Sun-cured aerial part of woolly finger grass (Digitaria eriantha subsp.pentzii (Stent) Kok)
Dry forages African couch grass (Digitaria abyssinica), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of african couch grass (Digitaria abyssinica (Hochst. ex A. Rich.) Stapf)
Dry forages Carpet grass (Axonopus fissifolius), hay Sun-cured aerial part of carpet grass (Axonopus fissifolius (Raddi) Kuhlm.)
Dry forages Chloris (Chloris pycnothrix), hay Sun-cured aerial part of chloris (Chloris pycnothrix Trin.)
Dry forages Southern crabgrass (Digitaria ciliaris), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of southern crabgrass (Digitaria ciliaris (Retz.) Koeler)
Dry forages Common thatching grass (Hyparrhenia hirta), hay Sun-cured aerial part of common thatching grass (Hyparrhenia hirta (L.) Stapf)
Dry forages Egyptian crowfoot grass (Dactyloctenium aegyptium), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of egyptian crowfoot grass (Dactyloctenium aegyptium (L.) Willd.)
Dry forages Eleusine (Eleusine floccifolia), hay Sun-cured aerial part of eleusine (Eleusine floccifolia Spreng.)
Dry forages Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia collina), hay Sun-cured aerial part of hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia collina (Pilg.) Stapf)
Dry forages Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia rudis), hay Sun-cured aerial part of hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia rudis Stapf)
Dry forages Jaragua (Hyparrhenia rufa), hay, ammonia-treated Sun-cured aerial part of jaragua (Hyparrhenia rufa (Nees) Stapf), ammonia-treated
Dry forages Jaragua (Hyparrhenia rufa), hay, NaOH-treated Sun-cured aerial part of jaragua (Hyparrhenia rufa (Nees) Stapf), NaOH-treated
Dry forages Pennisetum (Pennisetum hohenackeri), hay Sun-cured aerial part of pennisetum (Pennisetum hohenackeri Hochst. ex Steud.)
Dry forages Reed canary grass (Phalaris arundinacea), hay Sun-cured aerial part of reed canary grass (Phalaris arundinacea L.)
Dry forages Schoenefeldia (Schoenefeldia gracilis), hay Sun-cured aerial part of schoenefeldia (Schoenefeldia gracilis Kunth)
Dry forages Yellow foxtail (Setaria pumila), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of yellow foxtail (Setaria pumila (Poir.) Roem. & Schult.)
Dry forages Bulbous canary grass (Phalaris aquatica), hay Sun-cured aerial part of bulbous canary grass (Phalaris aquatica L.)
Dry forages Common meadow grass (Poa pratensis), hay Sun-cured aerial part of common meadow grass (Poa pratensis L.)
Dry forages Teff (Eragrostis tef), hay, ammonia-treated Sun-cured aerial part of teff (Eragrostis tef (Zucc.) Trotter), ammonia-treated
Dry forages Weeping love grass (Eragrostis curvula), hay, ammonia-treated Sun-cured aerial part of a teff species (Eragrostis curvula (Schrad.) Nees.), ammonia-treated
Dry forages Loudetia (Loudetia simplex), aerial part, dry Loudetia (Loudetia simplex (Nees) C.E.Hubb.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Lovegrass (Eragrostis olivacea), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of lovegrass (Eragrostis olivacea K.Schum.)
Dry forages Brachiaria (Brachiaria lata), hay Sun-cured aerial part of brachiaria (Brachiaria lata (Schum.) CE Hubb.)
Dry forages Stipagrostis (Stipagrostis plumosa), aerial part, dry Stipagrostis (Stipagrostis plumosa (L.) Munro ex T. Anderson), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Pennisetum (Pennisetum divisum), aerial part, drydry Pennisetum (Pennisetum divisum Forssk. ex JF Gmel.) Henrard), aerial part, fresh
Dry forages Polycarpaea (Polycarpaea repens), aerial part, dry Polycarpaea (Polycarpaea repens (Forssk.) Asch. & Schweinf), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Camelthorn (Alhagi graecorum), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of camelthorn (Alhagi graecorum Boiss.)
Dry forages Scrophulaire (Scrophularia hypericifolia), aerial part, dry Scrophulaire (Scrophularia hypericifolia Wydler), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Maize spathes, dry Maize (Zea mays L.) spathes, dry
Dry forages Tall fescue hay Sun-cured aerial part of tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea L.).
Dry forages Red clover, white clover and ryegrass hay Sun-cured aerial part of ryegrass (Lolium spp.), white clover (Trifolium repens L.) and red clover (Trifolium pratense L.).
Dry forages Alfalfa hay Sun-cured aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.).
Dry forages Red clover hay Sun-cured aerial part of red clover (Trifolium pratense L.).
Dry forages Banana stalk, dry Dehydrated stalk of banana tree (Musa x paradisiaca L.).
Dry forages Cassava leaves, dry Dehydrated cassava leaf (Manihot esculenta Crantz).
Dry forages Desmodium (Desmodium intortum and Desmodium uncinatum), aerial part, dry Dehydrated aerial part of desmodium (two species : Desmodium intortum (Mill.) Fawc. & Rendle et D. uncinatum (Jacq.) DC). Desmodiums are tropical legumes used as fodder.
Dry forages Lablab (Lablab purpureus), aerial part, dry Dehydrated aerial part of lablab (Lablab purpureus (L.) Sweet.).
Dry forages Siratro (Macroptilium atropurpureum), aerial part, dry Dehydrated aerial part of siratro (Macroptilium atropurpureum (DC.) Urb.). The siratro is a leguminous tropical creeper used as fodder.
Dry forages Spruce (Picea glauca), leaves, distillated Dehydrated and distillated leaf of white spruce (Picea glauca Moench. Voss).
Dry forages African clover (Trifolium tembense), hay Sun-cured aerial part of African clover (Trifolium tembense Fres.).
Dry forages Vetch hay Sun-cured aerial part of vetch (unspecified genus, Lathryus or Vicia).
Dry forages Banana leaves, dry Dehydrated banana leaf (Musa x paradisiaca L.).
Dry forages Banana leaves, dry, NaOH-treated Dehydrated banana leaf (Musa x paradisiaca L.), alkali-treated.
Dry forages Banana stalk, NaOH-treated, dry Dehydrated stalk of banana tree (Musa x paradisiaca L.), alkali-treated.
Dry forages Carline (Carlina acaulis), aerial part, dry Dehydrated aerial part of carline (Carlina acaulis L.). The carline is a wild plant related to thistle.
Dry forages Socarillo (Dorycnium pentaphyllum), leaves, dry Dehydrated dorycnium leaf (Dorycnium pentaphyllum Scop.). Dorycnium is a wild legume from the Mediterranean region.
Dry forages Moss, dehydrated Dehydrated moss of unknown species.
Dry forages Sainfoin (Onobrychis viciifolia), aerial part, dry Dehydrated aerial part of sainfoin (Onobrychis viciifolia Scop.).
Dry forages Viorne (Viburnum lantana), aerial part, dry Dehydrated aerial part of viorne (Viburnum lantana L.).
Dry forages Banana stalk, plantain, dry Dry stalk of banana tree (Musa x paradisiaca L.) of plantain type.
Dry forages Sweet potato (Ipomoea batatas), aerial part, dry Dehdyrated aerial part of sweet potato (Ipomoea batatas (L.) Lam.).
Dry forages Alfalfa hay, 2nd cut Sun-cured aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), 2nd cut.
Dry forages Cassava tops, sun-dried Sun-dried aerial part of cassava (Manihot esculenta Crantz).
Dry forages Carrot byproduct, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of carrot (Daucus carota L.) processing, probably made of carrot leaves (carrot tops).
Dry forages Cauliflower (Brassica oleracea), leaves, dry Dehydrated cauliflower leaf (Brassica oleracea L.).
Dry forages Carrot tops Aerial part of carrot (Daucus carota L.).
Dry forages Eggplant leaves, fresh Fresh eggplant leaf (Solanum melongena L.).
Dry forages Potato tops, dehydrated Dehydrated aerial part of potato (Solanum tuberosum L), oven-dried. This is a crop residue probably consisting of leaves and stalks.
Dry forages Spinash (Spinacia oleracea) leaves, dry Dehydrated spinash leaf (Spinacia oleracea L.).
Dry forages Tomato leaves, dry Dehydrated tomato leaf (Solanum lycopersicum Karst.).
Dry forages Alfalfa hay, 1st cut Sun-cured aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), 1st cut.
Dry forages Alfalfa hay, 3rd cut Sun-cured aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), 3rd cut.
Dry forages Nettle leaves, dry Dehydrated nettle leaf (Urtica dioica L.).
Dry forages Rape, aerial part, dry Dehydrated aerial part of rape (Brassica napus L.).
Dry forages Mustard, aerial part, dry Dehydrated aerial part of mustard (Brassica alba (L.) Boiss., Brassica nigra (L.) Koech. or Brassica juncea Coss.).
Dry forages Clover, aerial part, dry Dehydrated aerial part of clover (Trifolium spp.).
Dry forages Artichoke byproduct, dehydrated Dehydrated byproduct of artichoke (Cynara cardunculus L.) processing.
Dry forages Chaya (Cnidoscolus chayamansa), leaves, dry Dehydrated chaya leaf (Cnidoscolus chayamansa McVaughn). Chaya, or tree spinach, is a Central America bush grown for its fleshy leaves used in human consumption.
Dry forages Alfalfa hay, vegetative, 1st cut Sun-cured aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), vegetative, 1st cut.
Dry forages Alfalfa hay, vegetative, 2nd cut Sun-cured aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), vegetative, 2nd cut.
Dry forages Alfalfa hay, early flowering, 2nd cut Sun-cured aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), harvested at the beginning of flowering, 2nd cut.
Dry forages Alfalfa hay, flowering, 2nd cut Sun-cured aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), harvested at flowering, 2nd cut.
Dry forages Alfalfa hay, 4th cut Sun-cured aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), 4th cut.
Dry forages Alfalfa hay, early flowering, 1st cut Sun-cured aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), harvested at the beginning of flowering, 1st cut.
Dry forages Alfalfa hay, flowering, 1st cut Sun-cured aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), harvested at flowering, 1st cut.
Dry forages Alfalfa hay, early flowering, 3rd cut Sun-cured aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), harvested at flowering, 3rd cut.
Dry forages White clover hay Sun-cured aerial part of white clover (Trifolium repens L.).
Dry forages Bambara groundnut (Vigna subterranea), haulms Residue of the harvest of bambara groundnut (Vigna subterranea (L.) Verdc.) consisting in stems and leaves left in the field.
Dry forages Cowpea (Vigna unguiculata), crop byproduct, fresh Fresh aerial part of cowpea (Vigna unguiculata (L.) Walp.), probably a crop residue consisting of leaves, stalks and pods. Other names : niebe, caupi, black-eyed pea, cherry bean.
Dry forages Wild vetch (Lathyrus sylvestris), hay Sun-cured aerial part of wild vetch (Lathyrus sylvestris L.).
Dry forages Sesban (Sesbania sesban), aerial part, dry Dehydrated aerial part of sesban (Sesbania sesban (L.) Merr. Nubia).
Dry forages Tagasaste (Cytisus proliferus), aerial part, dry Air-dried aerial part of tagasaste (Cytisus proliferus L. f.). The tagasaste is a temperate to tropical shrub (Australia and New-Zealand) used as a protein-rich fodder.
Dry forages Pea, aerial part, dry, before flowering Dehydrated, ground aerial part of pea (Pisum sativum L.), harvested before flowering.
Dry forages Alfalfa hay, flowering Sun-cured aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), harvested at flowering.
Dry forages Sweet clover (Melilotus officinalis), hay Sun-cured aerial part of sweet clover (Melilotus officinalis Lam.).
Dry forages Pea, crop byproduct, dehydrated Dehydrated aerial part of pea (Pisum sativum L.). This is a crop residue probably consisting of leaves, stalks and empty pods.
Dry forages Common bean (Phasolus vulgaris), crop byproduct, dehydrated Dehydrated aerial part of common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.), probably consisting of cannery byproducts : leaves, stalks, empty pods.
Dry forages Artichoke leaves, dry Dehydrated artichoke leaf (Cynara cardunculus L.). This is a cannery byproduct, consisting of the leaves at the base of the flower.
Dry forages Carnation (Dianthus caryophillus), byproduct, dry Sun-cured carnation byproduct (Dianthus caryophillus L.).
Dry forages Vetch and oat hay Sun-cured aerial part of vetch (unspecified genus Lathryus or Vicia) and oat (Avena sativa L.).
Dry forages Sainfoin hay Sun-cured aerial part of sainfoin (Onobrychis viciifolia Scop.).
Dry forages Common bean (Phasolus vulgaris), stalk, dehydrated Dehydrated common bean stalk (Phaseolus vulgaris L.). This is a crop residue.
Dry forages Common bean (Phasolus vulgaris), leaves, dry Dehydrated common bean leaf (Phaseolus vulgaris L.). This is a crop residue.
Dry forages Alfalfa hay, 2nd cut, budding Sun-cured aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), harvested at budding, 2nd cut.
Dry forages White clover, aerial part, dry, organic Dehydrated aerial part of white clover (Trifolium repens L.).
Dry forages Oregano (Oreganum vulgare), leaves, dry Dried oregano (Oreganum vulgare L.) leaves.
Dry forages Alfalfa hay, 3rd cut, chopped Sun-cured aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), 3rd cut, chopped
Dry forages Alfalfa hay, 3rd cut, ground Sun-cured aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), 3rd cut, ground.
Dry forages Alfalfa hay, 3rd cut, pelleted Sun-cured aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), 3rd cut, pelleted.
Dry forages Alfalfa hay, flowering, 1st cut, chopped Sun-cured aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), harvested at flowering, 1st cut, chopped
Dry forages Alfalfa hay, flowering, 1st cut, ground Sun-cured aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), harvested at flowering, 1st cut, ground.
Dry forages Alfalfa hay, flowering, 1st cut, pelleted Sun-cured aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), harvested at flowering, 1st cut, pelleted.
Dry forages Alfalfa hay, flowering, 1st cut, budding, chopped Sun-cured aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), harvested at budding, 1st cut, chopped.
Dry forages Alfalfa hay, flowering, 1st cut, budding, ground Sun-cured aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), harvested at budding, 1st cut, ground.
Dry forages Alfalfa hay, flowering, 1st cut, budding, pelleted Sun-cured aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), harvested at budding, 1st cut, pelleted.
Dry forages Fenugreek (Trigonella foenum-graecum), aerial part, dry Dried aerial part of fenugreek (Trigonella foenum-graecum L.)
Dry forages Grapevine leaves, dehydrated Dehydrated leaves of grapevine (Vitis vinifera L.).
Dry forages Ancistrocarpus (Ancistrocarpus densispinosus), aerial part, dry Ancistrocarpus (Ancistrocarpus densispinosus Oliv.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Aneilema (Aneilema beniniense), aerial part, dry Aneilema (Aneilema beniniense (P. Beauv.) Kunth), aerial part, fresh
Dry forages Groundnut stems, dry Groundnut (Arachis hypogaea L.) stems, dry
Dry forages Astragalus (Astragalus spinosus), aerial part, dry Astragalus (Astragalus spinosus (Forssk.) Muschler), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Mediterranean saltbush (Atriplex halimus), aerial part, dry Mediterranean saltbush (Atriplex halimus L.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Old man saltbush (Atriplex nummularia), aerial part, dry Old man saltbush (Atriplex nummularia Lindl.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Blepharis (Blepharis linariifolia), leaves, flowers and fruits, dry Blepharis (Blepharis linariifolia Pers.), leaves, flowers and fruits, dry
Dry forages Blepharis (Blepharis linariifolia), aerial part, dry Blepharis (Blepharis linariifolia Pers.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Bombax (Bombax costatum), leaves, dry Bombax (Bombax costatum Pellegr. & Vuill.), leaves, dry
Dry forages Bombax (Bombax costatum), flowers, dry Bombax (Bombax costatum Pellegr. & Vuill.), flowers, dry
Dry forages Borreria (Borreria stachydea), flowers, dry Borreria (Borreria stachydea Hutch. et Dalz.), flowers, dry
Dry forages Senna (Senna spectabilis), aerial part, dry Senna (Senna spectabilis (DC.) H.S. Irwin & Barneby), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Kapok (Ceiba pentandra), leaves, dry Kapok (Ceiba pentandra (L.) Gaertn.), leaves, wilted
Dry forages Kermes oak (Quercus coccifera), aerial part, dry Kermes oak (Quercus coccifera L.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Clappertonia (Clappertonia ficifolia), aerial part, dry Clappertonia (Clappertonia ficifolia (Willd.) Decne.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Cochlospermum (Cochlospermum tinctorium), leaves, dry Cochlospermum (Cochlospermum tinctorium Perr. ex A. Rich.), leaves, dry
Dry forages Combretum (Combretum fragrans), aerial part, dry Combretum (Combretum fragrans F. Hoffm.), leaves and stems, dry
Dry forages Combretum (Combretum glutinosum), leaves, dry Combretum (Combretum glutinosum Perr. ex DC.), leaves, dry
Dry forages Combretum (Combretum micranthum), leaves, dry Combretum (Combretum micranthum G. Don.), leaves, dry
Dry forages Conocarpus (Conocarpus lancifolius), leaves, dry Conocarpus (Conocarpus lancifolius L.), leaves, dry
Dry forages Cordia (Cordia sinensis), aerial part, dry Cordia (Cordia sinensis Lam.), leaves, dry
Dry forages Ginger lily (Costus afer), aerial part, dry Ginger lily (Costus afer Ker Gawl.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Ctenium (Ctenium elegans), flowers, dry Ctenium (Ctenium elegans Kunth), flowers, dry
Dry forages Ctenium (Ctenium newtonii), aerial part, dry Ctenium (Ctenium newtonii Hack.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Cyathula (Cyathula achyranthoides), aerial part, dry Cyathula (Cyathula achyranthoides (Kunth) Moq.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Cyperus (Cyperus tenuiculmis), aerial part, dry Cyperus (Cyperus tenuiculmis Bockeler.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Desmodium (Desmodium adscendens), aerial part, dry Desmodium (Desmodium adscendens (Sw.) DC.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Lablab (Lablab purpureus), leaves, dry Lablab (Lablab purpureus (L.) Sweet.), leaves, dried
Dry forages Elephantopus (Elephantopus mollis), aerial part, dry Elephantopus (Elephantopus mollis Kunth), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Emilia (Emilia javanica), aerial part, dry Emilia (Emilia javanica (Burm. f.) CB. Rob.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Feretia (Feretia apodanthera), leaves, dry Feretia (Feretia apodanthera Del.), leaves, dry
Dry forages Gardenia (Gardenia erubescens), leaves, dry Gardenia (Gardenia erubescens Stapf & Hutch.s), leaves, dry
Dry forages Gardenia (Gardenia ternifolia), leaves, dry Gardenia (Gardenia ternifolia Schum. & Thonn.), leaves, dry
Dry forages Perennial soybean (Neonotonia wightii), flowers, dry Perennial soybean (Neonotonia wightii (Wight & Arn.) J.A. Lackey), flowers, dry
Dry forages Guibourtia (Guibourtia copallifera), leaves, dry Guibourtia (Guibourtia copallifera Bennett), leaves, dry
Dry forages Haloxylon (Haloxylon salicornicum), aerial part, dry Haloxylon (Haloxylon salicornicum (Moq.) Bunge), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Indigofera (Indigofera senegalensis), aerial part, dry Indigo (Indigofera senegalensis Lam.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Khaya (Khaya senegalensis), aerial part, dry Khaya (Khaya senegalensis (Desr.) A. Juss.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Loudetia (Loudetia annua), aerial part, dry Loudetia (Loudetia annua (Stapf) C.E.Hubb.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Phasey bean (Macroptilium lathyroides), hay Phasey bean (Macroptilium lathyroides (L.) Urban), hay
Dry forages Megastachya (Megastachya mucronata), aerial part, dry Megastachya (Megastachya mucronata (Poir.) P. Beauv.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Monechma (Monechma ciliatum), aerial part, dry Monechma (Monechma ciliatum (Jacq.) Milne-Redh.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Monotes (Monotes kerstingii), aerial part, dry Monotes (Monotes kerstingii Gilg.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Musanga (Musanga cecropioides), aerial part, dry Musanga (Musanga cecropioides R. Br.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Cowpea (Vigna unguiculata), hay Cowpea (Vigna unguiculata (L.) Walp.), hay
Dry forages Oldenlandia (Oldenlandia lancifolia), aerial part, dry Oldenlandia (Oldenlandia lancifolia (Schum.) DC.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Bamboo (Oxytenanthera abyssinica), leaves, dry Bamboo (Oxytenanthera abyssinica (A.Rich.) Munro), leaves, air-dried
Dry forages Sweet potato (Ipomoea batatas), tops, dry Sweet potato tops, dry
Dry forages Pavetta (Pavetta oblongifolia), leaves, dry Pavetta (Pavetta oblongifolia (Hiern) Bremek), leaves
Dry forages Elephant grass (Pennisetum purpureum), hay Elephant grass (Pennisetum purpureum Schumach.), hay
Dry forages Piliostigma (Piliostigma spp.), leaves, dry Piliostigma (Piliostigma spp.), leaves, dry
Dry forages Porterandia (Porterandia cladantha), aerial part, dry Porterandia (Porterandia cladantha (K. Schum.) Keay), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Tropical kudzu (Pueraria phaseoloides), flowers, dry Tropical kudzu (Pueraria phaseoloides (Roxb.) Benth. var. javanica (Benth.) Baker), flowers, dry
Dry forages Sesame (Sesamum alatum), tops, dry Sesame (Sesamum alatum Thonn.), tops, dry
Dry forages Stephania (Stephania spp.), aerial part, dry Stephania (Stephania spp.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Sterculia (Sterculia setigera), leaves, dry Sterculia (Sterculia setigera Baill.), leaves, dry
Dry forages Stereospermum (Stereospermum kunthianum), leaves, dry Stereospermum (Stereospermum kunthianum Cham.), leaves, dry
Dry forages Stylo (Stylosanthes guianensis), hay Stylo (Stylosanthes guianensis (Aublet) Sw.), hay
Dry forages Mexican sunflower (Tithonia diversifolia), leaves, dry Mexican sunflower (Tithonia diversifolia (Benth.) Kuntze), leaves
Dry forages Sunflower stalks, dry Sunflower (Helianthus annuus L.) stalks
Dry forages Traganum (Traganum nudatum), aerial part, dry Traganum (Traganum nudatum Del.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Zornia (Zornia glochidiata), aerial part, dry Zornia (Zornia glochidiata DC.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Borreria (Borreria stachydea), aerial part, dry Borreria (Borreria stachydea Hutch. et Dalz.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Cyperus (Cyperus conglomeratus), aerial part, dry Cyperus (Cyperus conglomeratus Rottb.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Sugarcane tops, dry Sugarcane tops, dry
Dry forages Stylo (Stylosanthes guianensis), aerial part, dry Stylo (Stylosanthes guianensis (Aublet) Sw.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Artemisia (Artemisia herba-alba), aerial part, dry Artemisia (Artemisia herba-alba Asso), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Cyperus (Cyperus cruentus), aerial part, dry Cyperus (Cyperus cruentus Rottb.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Cymbopogon (Cymbopogon schoenanthus), aerial part, dry Cymbopogon (Cymbopogon schoenanthus (L.) Sprengel), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Dactyloctenium (Dactyloctenium latipes), aerial part, dry Dactyloctenium (Dactyloctenium latipes F.Muell.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Blighia (Blighia sapida), leaves, dry Blighia (Blighia sapida K. Konig.), leaves, dry
Dry forages Daniellia (Daniellia oliveri), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of daniellia (Daniellia oliveri (Rolfe) Hutch. & Dalziel)
Dry forages Margaritaria (Margaritaria discoidea), leaves, dry Margaritaria (Margaritaria discoidea (Baill.) Webster), leaves, dry
Dry forages Morinda (Morinda lucida), aerial part, dry Morinda (Morinda lucida Benth.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Piliostigma (Piliostigma thonningii), aerial part, dry Piliostigma (Piliostigma thonningii), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Securinega (Securinega virosa), leaves, dry Securinega (Securinega virosa (Roxb. ex Willd.) Baill.a), leaves, dry
Dry forages Spondias (Spondias mombin), aerial part, dry Spondias (Spondias mombin Jacq.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Bridelia (Bridelia ferruginea), leaves, dry Bridelia (Bridelia ferruginea Benth.), leaves, dry
Dry forages Afzelia (Afzelia africana), aerial part, dry Afzelia (Afzelia africana Smith ex Pers.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Chrysopogon (Chrysopogon aciculatus), aerial part, dry Chrysopogon (Chrysopogon aciculatus (Retz.) Trin.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Elymandra (Elymandra androphila), aerial part, dry Elymandra (Elymandra androphila Stapf), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Bamboo (Oxytenanthera abyssinica), aerial part, dry Bamboo (Oxytenanthera abyssinica (A.Rich.) Munro), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Rhanterium (Rhanterium eppaposum), aerial part, dry Rhanterium (Rhanterium eppaposum Oliv.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Vetiver (Chrysopogon nigritanus), aerial part, dry Vetiver (Chrysopogon nigritanus (Benth.) Veldkamp), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Indian jujube (Ziziphus mauritiana), aerial part, dry Indian jujube (Ziziphus mauritiana Lam.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Plantain banana sheath, dry Plantain banana (Musa x paradisiaca L.) sheath, dry
Dry forages Cabbage (Brassica oleracea), aerial part, dry Dehydrated aerial part of cabbage (Brassica oleracea L.).
Dry forages Clover hay Sun-cured aerial part of clover (Trifolium spp.).
Dry forages White clover and fescue hay Sun-cured aerial part of fescue (Festuca spp.) and white clover (Trifolium repens L.).
Dry forages Grass and legume hay Sun-cured aerial part of grass and legumes.
Dry forages Alfalfa stems, dry Dehydrated alfalfa stems (Medicago sativa L.).
Dry forages Pinto peanut (Arachis pintoi), aerial part, dy Dry aerial part of pinto peanut (Arachis pintoi Krapov. & W.C. Greg.)
Dry forages Heather, aerial part, dry Aerial part of heather, dry (Ericaceae family including the generi Erica, Calluna and Cassiope)
Dry forages Bearberry (Arctostaphylos uva-ursi), aerial part, dry Dehydrated aerial part of bearberry (Arctostaphylos uva-ursi L.), a dwarf shrub of the Ericaceae family adapted to circumpolar regions. Synonyms: kinnikinnick, pinemat manzanita
Dry forages Mouse-ear hawkweed (Pilosella officinarum), aerial part, dry Dehydrated aerial part of mouse-ear hawkweed (Pilosella officinarum Vaill.), a flowering plant from Europe and Northern Asia.
Dry forages Meadowsweet (Filipendula ulmaria), aerial part, dry Dehydrated aerial part of meadowsweet (Filipendula ulmaria (L.) Maxim.), a perennial herb from Europe and Western Asia.
Dry forages Nettle, dehydrated, organic Dehydrated nettle leaf (Urtica dioica L.), obtained by organic farming.
Dry forages Sweet clover (Melilotus officinalis), hay, seed formation Sun-cured aerial part of sweet clover (Melilotus officinalis Lam.).
Dry forages Sweet clover (Melilotus officinalis), hay, early flowering Sun-cured aerial part of sweet clover (Melilotus officinalis Lam.).
Dry forages Sweet clover (Melilotus officinalis), hay, flowering Sun-cured aerial part of sweet clover (Melilotus officinalis Lam.).
Dry forages Grecian strawberry tree (Arbutus andrachne), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of Grecian strawberry tree (Arbutus andrachne L.).
Dry forages Berseem (Trifolium alexandrinum), hay Sun-cured aerial part of berseem (Trifolium alexandrinum L.). Berseem is a Mediterranean legume.
Dry forages Pea hay Sun-cured aerial part of pea (Pisum sativum L.).
Dry forages Grass pea (Lathyrus sativus), hay, 1st cut Sun-cured aerial part of grass pea (Lathyrus sativus L.).
Dry forages Grass pea (Lathyrus sativus), hay, 2nd cut Sun-cured aerial part of grass pea (Lathyrus sativus L.).
Dry forages Grass pea (Lathyrus sativus), hay Sun-cured aerial part of grass pea (Lathyrus sativus L.).
Dry forages Prickly juniper (Juniperus oxycedrus), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of prickly juniper (Juniperus oxycedrus L.).
Dry forages Alfalfa hay, seed formation Sun-cured aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.).
Dry forages Alfalfa hay, early flowering Sun-cured aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), harvested at early flowering.
Dry forages Pubescent oak (Quercus pubescens), aerial part, dry Kermes oak (Quercus pubescens Willd.), aerial part.
Dry forages Lupin hay Sun-cured aerial part of lupin (Lupinus spp.).
Dry forages White lupin (Lupinus albus), hay Sun-cured aerial part of white lupin (Lupinus albus L.).
Dry forages Persian clover (Trifolium resupinatum), hay Sun-cured aerial part of Persian clover (Trifolium resupinatum L.).
Dry forages Persian clover (Trifolium resupinatum), hay, seed formation Sun-cured aerial part of Persian clover (Trifolium resupinatum L.).
Dry forages Persian clover (Trifolium resupinatum), hay, early flowering Sun-cured aerial part of Persian clover (Trifolium resupinatum L.).
Dry forages Persian clover (Trifolium resupinatum), hay, flowering Sun-cured aerial part of Persian clover (Trifolium resupinatum L.).
Dry forages Chick vetch (Lathyrus cicera), hay Sun-cured aerial part of chick vetch (Lathyrus cicera L.).
Dry forages Purple vetch (Vicia benghalensis), hay Sun-cured aerial part of purple vetch (Vicia benghalensis L.).
Dry forages Strawberry clover (Trifolium fragiferum), hay Sun-cured aerial part of strawberry clover (Trifolium fragiferum L.).
Dry forages Groundnut hay Groundnut hay (Arachis hypogaea L.)
Dry forages Giant reed (Arundo donax), aerial part, hay Giant reed (Arundo donax L.), aerial part, hay
Dry forages Lablab (Lablab purpureus), hay Lablab (Lablab purpureus (L.) Sweet.), hay
Dry forages Soybean hay Soybean hay (Glycine max (L.) Merr.)
Dry forages Perennial soybean (Neonotonia wightii), hay Perennial soybean (Neonotonia wightii (Wight & Arn.) J.A. Lackey), hay
Dry forages Sulla (Hedysarum coronarium), hay Sulla (Hedysarum coronarium L.), hay
Dry forages Velvet bean (Mucuna pruriens), hay Sun-cured aerial part of velvet bean (Mucuna pruriens (L.) DC. var. utilis (Wall. ex Wight) Baker ex Burck)
Dry forages Common vetch (Vicia sativa), hay Common vetch (Vicia sativa L.), hay
Dry forages Sugarcane leaves, dry Sugarcane leaves, dry (Saccharum officinarum L.)
Dry forages Round leaf cassia (Chamaecrista rotundifolia), hay Round leaf cassia (Chamaecrista rotundifolia (Pers.) Greene), hay
Dry forages Birdsfoot trefoil (Lotus corniculatus), hay Birdsfoot trefoil (Lotus corniculatus L.), hay
Dry forages Caribbean stylo (Stylosanthes hamata), hay Caribbean stylo (Stylosanthes hamata (L.) Taubert), hay
Dry forages Mexican sunflower (Tithonia diversifolia), aerial part, dry Mexican sunflower (Tithonia diversifolia (Hemsl.) A. Gray), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Centro (Centrosema molle), leaves, dry Centro (Centrosema molle Mart. ex Benth.), leaves, dry
Dry forages Cassava hay Cassava hay (Manihot esculenta Crantz)
Dry forages Taro (Colocasia esculenta), leaves, dehydrated Taro (Colocasia esculenta (L.) Schott), leaves, dehydrated
Dry forages Sweet potato (Ipomoea batatas), leaves, dehydrated Sweet potato leaves, dehydrated (Ipomoea batatas (L.) Lam.)
Dry forages Neem (Azadirachta indica), leaves, dry Neem (Azadirachta indica A. Juss.), leaves, dry
Dry forages Hairy vetch (Vicia villosa), hay Hairy vetch (Vicia villosa Roth), hay
Dry forages Maerua (Maerua angolensis), aerial part, dry Maerua (Maerua angolensis (DC.)), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Butterfly pea (Clitoria ternatea), aerial part, hay Butterfly pea (Clitoria ternatea L.), aerial part, hay
Dry forages Red clover (Trifolium pratense), aerial part, dehydrated Red clover (Trifolium pratense L.), aerial part, dehydrated
Dry forages White clover, aerial part, dry Trèfle blanc (Trifolium repens L.), aerial part, dehydrated
Dry forages Buffalo grass (Paspalum conjugatum), hay Buffalo grass (Paspalum conjugatum P. J. Bergius), hay
Dry forages Cowpea (Vigna unguiculata), aerial part, dry Cowpea (Vigna unguiculata (L.) Walp.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Centurion (Centrosema pascuorum), hay Centurion (Centrosema pascuorum Mart. ex Benth.), hay
Dry forages Combretum (Combretum exalatum), leaves, dry Combretum (Combretum exalatum Engl.), leaves, dry
Dry forages Duosperma (Duosperma kilimandscharicum), leaves, dry Duosperma (Duosperma kilimandscharicum (Lindau) Dayton), leaves, dry
Dry forages Water celery (Helosciadium nodiflorum), aerial part, dried Water celery (Helosciadium nodiflorum (L.) W. D. J. Koch), aerial part, dried
Dry forages Watercress (Nasturtium officinale), whole plant, dry Watercress (Nasturtium officinale W. T. Aiton), whole plant, dried
Dry forages Sulla (Hedysarum flexuosum), hay Sulla (Hedysarum flexuosum L.), hay
Dry forages Sour clover (Melilotus indicus), hay Sour clover (Melilotus indicus (L.) All.), hay
Dry forages Atriplex (Atriplex turcomanica), aerial part, dried Atriplex (Atriplex turcomanica (Moq.) Boiss.), aerial part, dried
Dry forages Luffa (Luffa aegyptiaca), leaves, dry Luffa (Luffa aegyptiaca Mill.), leaves
Dry forages Berchemia (Berchemia discolor), aerial part, dry Berchemia (Berchemia discolor (Klotzsch) Hemsl.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Sicklebush (Dichrostachys cinerea), aerial part, dry Sicklebush (Dichrostachys cinerea (L.) Wight & Arn.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Peltophorum (Peltophorum pterocarpum), aerial part, dry Peltophorum (Peltophorum pterocarpum (DC.) Backer ex K. Heyne), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Vangueria (Vangueria cyanescens), aerial part, dry Vangueria (Vangueria cyanescens Robyns), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Vachellia (Vachellia hebeclada), aerial part, dry Vachellia (Vachellia hebeclada (DC.) Kyal. & Boatwr.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Crotalaria (Crotalaria pycnostachya), aerial part, dry Crotalaria (Crotalaria pycnostachya Benth.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Fringe-rush (Fimbristylis dichotoma), aerial part, dry Fringe-rush (Fimbristylis dichotoma (L.) Vahl), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Zaleya (Zaleya pentandra), aerial part, dry Zaleya (Zaleya pentandra (L.) C. Jeffrey), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Calliandra (Calliandra calothyrsus), aerial part, dry Calliandra (Calliandra calothyrsus Meisn.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Silverleaf desmodium (Desmodium uncinatum), aerial part, dry Silverleaf desmodium (Desmodium uncinatum (Jacq.) DC.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages White lupin (Lupinus albus), aerial part, dry White lupin (Lupinus albus L.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Lime-yellow pea (Macrotyloma axillare), aerial part, dry Lime-yellow pea (Macrotyloma axillare (E. Mey.) Verdc), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Perennial soybean (Neonotonia wightii), aerial part, dry Perennial soybean (Neonotonia wightii (Wight & Arn.) J.A. Lackey), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Flax hay Flax, aerial part, hay (Linum usitatissimum L.)
Dry forages Lichen (Usnea spp.), dried Lichen (Usnea spp.), dried
Dry forages Red maple (Acer rubrum), aerial part, dried Red maple (Acer rubrum L.), aerial part, dried
Dry forages Desmanthus (Desmanthus bicornutus), hay Desmanthus (Desmanthus bicornutus S. Watson), hay
Dry forages Burgundy bean (Macroptilium bracteatum), hay Burgundy bean (Macroptilium bracteatum (Nees & Mart.) Marechal & Baudet), hay
Dry forages Black medic (Medicago lupulina), hay Black medic (Medicago lupulina L.), hay
Dry forages Commelina (Commelina benghalensis), hay Commelina (Commelina benghalensis L.), hay
Dry forages Angleton bluestem (Dichanthium aristatum), hay Angleton bluestem (Dichanthium aristatum (Poir.) C. E. Hubb.), hay
Dry forages Aztec sweetherb (Phyla dulcis), leaves, dried Aztec sweetherb (Phyla dulcis (Trevir.) Moldenke), leaves, dried
Dry forages Rice bean (Vigna umbellata), hay Rice bean (Vigna umbellata (Thunb.) Ohwi & Ohashi), hay
Dry forages Mexican sunflower (Tithonia diversifolia), flowers, dry Mexican sunflower (Tithonia diversifolia (Hemsl.) A. Gray), flowers, dry
Dry forages Mexican sunflower (Tithonia diversifolia), stems, dry Mexican sunflower (Tithonia diversifolia (Hemsl.) A. Gray), stems, dry
Dry forages Cicer milk vetch (Astragalus cicer), hay Cicer milk vetch (Astragalus cicer L.), hay
Dry forages Chicory hay Chicory hay (Cichorium intybus L.)
Dry forages Pinto peanut (Arachis pintoi), aerial part, hay Pinto peanut (Arachis pintoi Krapov. & W.C. Greg.), aerial part, hay
Dry forages Black oat (Avena strigosa), hay Black oat (Avena strigosa Schreb.), hay
Dry forages Parkinsonia (Parkinsonia aculeata), aerial part, dry Parkinsonia (Parkinsonia aculeata), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Livid amaranth (Amaranthus blitum), aerial part, dry Livid amaranth (Amaranthus blitum L.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Asystasia (Asystasia gangetica), aerial part, dry Asystasia (Asystasia gangetica (L.) T. Anderson), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Combretum (Combretum nigricans), aerial part, dry Combretum (Combretum nigricans Lepr. ex Guill. & Perr.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Loudetia (Loudetia kagerensis), aerial part, dry Loudetia (Loudetia kagerensis (K.Schum.) C.E.Hubb. ex Hutch.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Saltbush (Salvadora persica), aerial part, dry Saltbush (Salvadora persica Garc.), leaves and stems, dry
Dry forages Golden millet (Setaria sphacelata), aerial part, dry Golden millet (Setaria sphacelata (Schumach.) Stapf & C.E.Hubb. ex Moss), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Centro (Centrosema molle), aerial part, dy Dry aerial part of centro (Centrosema molle Mart ex Benth.). The centro is a leguminous voluble herb used as fodder in Asia.
Dry forages Greenleaf desmodium (Desmodium intortum), aerial part, dry Greenleaf desmodium (Desmodium intortum (Mill.) Fawc. & Rendle), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Crimson clover (Trifolium incarnatum), hay Sun-cured aerial part of crimson clover (Trifolium incarnatum L.)
Dry forages Arrowroot (Maranta arundinacea), leaves, dry Arrowroot (Maranta arundinacea L.), leaves, dry
Dry forages Cowpea (Vigna unguiculata), crop byproduct, dry Fresh aerial part of cowpea (Vigna unguiculata (L.) Walp.), probably a crop residue consisting of leaves, stalks and pods. Other names : niebe, caupi, black-eyed pea, cherry bean.
Dry forages Beet leaves, dry Dry beet leaves (Beta vulgaris L.).
Dry forages Sedge (Carex spp.), hay Sedge (Carex spp.) hay.
Dry forages White rocket (Diplotaxis erucoides), hay Sun-cured aerial part of white rocket (Diplotaxis erucoides (L.) DC.)
Dry forages Pink clover (Erodium cicutarium), aerial part, hay Sun-cured aerial part of pink clover (Erodium cicutarium (L.) L'Hér.)
Dry forages Forage kochia (Bassia prostrata), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of kochia (Bassia prostrata (L.) Beck)
Dry forages Chick vetch (Lathyrus cicera), straw Straw of chick vetch (Lathyrus cicera L.)
Dry forages Grass pea (Lathyrus sativus), straw Straw of grass pea (Lathyrus sativus L.)
Dry forages Yellow lupin (Lupinus luteus), hay Sun-cured aerial part of yellow lupin (Lupinus luteus L.).
Dry forages Malva (Malva spp.), hay Sun-cured aerial part of mallow (Malva spp.)
Dry forages Sweet clover (Melilotus segetalis), hay Sun-cured aerial part of sweet clover (Melilotus segetalis (Brot.) Ser.)
Dry forages Salad burnet (Sanguisorba minor), hay Salad burnet (Sanguisorba minor Scop.), hay
Dry forages Caterpillar plant (Scorpiurus muricatus), hay Sun-cured aerial part of caterpillar plant (Scorpiurus muricatus L.)
Dry forages Hybrid clover (Trifolium hybridum), hay Sun-cured aerial part of hybrid clover (Trifolium hybridum L.)
Dry forages Ball clover (Trifolium nigrescens), hay Sun-cured aerial part of ball clover (Trifolium nigrescens Viv.)
Dry forages Narbonne vetch (Vicia narbonensis), hay Sun-cured aerial part of Narbonne vetch (Vicia narbonensis L.)
Dry forages Mistletoe (Viscum album), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of mistletoe (Viscum album L.)
Dry forages Subclover (Trifolium subterraneum), hay Sun-cured aerial part of subclover (Trifolium subterraneum L.).
Dry forages Anthephora (Anthephora pubescens), hay Sun-cured aerial part of anthephora (Anthephora pubescens Nees)
Dry forages Chickpea (Cicer arietinum), hay Chickpea (Cicer arietinum L.), aerial part, hay
Dry forages Bambara groundnut (Vigna subterranea), hay Sun-cured aerial part of bambara groundnut (Vigna subterranea (L.) Verdc.)
Dry forages Sunn hemp (Crotalaria juncea), hay Sun-cured aerial part of sunn hemp (Crotalaria juncea L.)
Dry forages Ramie (Boehmeria nivea), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of ramie (Boehmeria nivea (L.) Gaudich.)
Dry forages Coptosperma (Coptosperma graveolens), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of coptosperma (Coptosperma graveolens (S.Moore) Degreef)
Dry forages Barbadinho (Desmodium barbatum), hay Sun-cured aerial part of barbadinho (Desmodium barbatum (L.) Benth)
Dry forages Moth bean (Vigna aconitifolia), haulms Moth bean (Vigna aconitifolia (Jacq.) Marechal), haulms
Dry forages Water hyacinth (Eichhornia crassipes), roots, fresh Water hyacinth (Eichhornia crassipes (Mart.) Solms), roots, fresh
Dry forages Eriosema (Eriosema lebrunii), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of eriosema (Eriosema lebrunii Staner & De Craene)
Dry forages Velvet bean (Mucuna pruriens), aerial part, dry Velvet bean (Mucuna pruriens (L.) DC.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Tree medick (Medicago arborea), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of tree medick (Medicago arborea L.)
Dry forages Bamboo (Chusquea baculifera), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of bamboo (Chusquea baculifera Silveira)
Dry forages Bamboo (Chusquea pinifolia), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of bamboo (Chusquea pinifolia (Nees) Nees)
Dry forages Bamboo (Filgueirasia cannavieira), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of bamboo (Filgueirasia cannavieira (Alvaro da Silveira) Guala)
Dry forages Tomato  Solanum lycopersicum), stems, dry Dehydrated tomato stems (Solanum lycopersicum Karst.).
Dry forages Creeping saltbush (Atriplex semibaccata), hay Sun-cured aerial part of creeping saltbush (Atriplex semibaccata R.Br.)
Dry forages Moth bean (Vigna aconitifolia), aerial part, dry Sun-cured aerial part of moth bean (Vigna aconitifolia (Jacq.) Marechal)
Dry forages Osteospermum (Osteospermum spinescens), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of osteospermum (Osteospermum spinescens Thunb.)
Dry forages Otholobium (Otholobium candicans), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of otholobium (Otholobium candicans (Eckl. & Zeyh.) C.H.Stirt.)
Dry forages Beet tops, dry Dry beet tops (Beta vulgaris L.). The tops are the part between the root and the stalk. Beet tops are a crop residue.
Dry forages Cajan pea (Cajanus cajan), hay Sun-cured aerial part of cajan pea (Cajanus cajan (L.) Huth)
Dry forages Desmodium (Desmodium heterocarpon subsp. ovalifolium), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of desmodium (Desmodium heterocarpon (L.) DC subsp. ovalifolium (Prain) H. Ohashi)
Dry forages Perennial pea (Lathyrus latifolius), hay Sun-cured aerial part of perennial pea (Lathyrus latifolius L.)
Dry forages Kudzu (Pueraria montana), hay Sun-cured aerial part of kudzu (Pueraria montana (Lour.) Merr.)
Dry forages Red moneywort (Alysicarpus rugosus), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of red moneywort (Alysicarpus rugosus (Willd.) DC.)
Dry forages Safflower (Carthamus tinctorius), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of safflower (Carthamus tinctorius L.)
Dry forages Lespedeza (Lespedeza juncea), hay Sun-cured aerial part of lespedeza (Lespedeza juncea (L.f.) Pers.)
Dry forages Silverleaf desmodium (Desmodium uncinatum), hay Sun-cured aerial part of silverleaf desmodium (Desmodium uncinatum (Jacq.) DC.)
Dry forages Alyce clover (Alysicarpus ovalifolius), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of alyce clover (Alysicarpus ovalifolius (Schum.) Leonard)
Dry forages Ipomoea (Ipomoea biflora), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of ipomoea (Ipomoea biflora (L.) Pers.)
Dry forages Dwarf koa (Desmanthus virgatus), hay Sun-cured aerial part of dwarf koa (Desmanthus virgatus (L.) Willd.)
Dry forages Guar (Cyamopsis tetragonoloba), hay Sun-cured aerial part of guar (Cyamopsis tetragonoloba L.)
Dry forages Lima bean (Phaseolus lunatus), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of lima bean (Phaseolus lunatus L.)
Dry forages Manicoba (Manihot pseudoglaziovii), hay Sun-cured aerial part of manicoba (Manihot pseudoglaziovii Pax & K.Hoffm.)
Dry forages Gama medic (Medicago murex), hay Sun-cured aerial part of gama medic (Medicago murex Willd.)
Dry forages Perennial peanut (Arachis glabrata), hay Sun-cured aerial part of perennial peanut (Arachis glabrata Benth.)
Dry forages Spikesedge (Kyllinga spp.), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of spikesedge (Kyllinga spp.)
Dry forages Stylo (Stylosanthes scabra), hay Sun-cured aerial part of stylo (Stylosanthes scabra Vogel)
Dry forages Sunflower stalks and heads, dry Sunflower (Helianthus annuus L.) stalks and heads, dry
Dry forages Sunflower stalks and head, dry, NaOH-treated Sunflower (Helianthus annuus L.) stalks and heads, NaOH-treated
Dry forages Sunflower stalks and head, dry, urea-treated, molasses-treated Sunflower (Helianthus annuus L.) stalks and heads, urea-treated, molasses-treated
Dry forages Tribulus (Tribulus terrestris), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of tribulus (Tribulus terrestris L.)
Dry forages Water hyacinth (Eichhornia crassipes), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of water hyacinth (Eichhornia crassipes (Mart.) Solms)
Dry forages Slenderleaf (Crotalaria brevidens), hay Sun-cured aerial part of slenderleaf (Crotalaria brevidens Benth.)
Dry forages Guiera (Guiera senegalensis), aerial part, dry Guiera (Guiera senegalensis JF. Gmel.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Indigofera (Indigofera spinosa), aerial part, dry Indigo (Indigofera spinosa Forssk.), aerial part, dry
Dry forages Desmodium (Desmodium discolor), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of desmodium (Desmodium discolor Vogel)
Dry forages Kale (Brassica oleracea), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of kale (Brassica oleracea L.)
Dry forages Lespedeza (Lespedeza cuneata), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of lespedeza (Lespedeza cuneata (Dum. Cours.) G. Don)
Dry forages Arabian primrose (Arnebia hispidissima), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of arabian primrose (Arnebia hispidissima (Sieber ex Lehm.) DC.)
Dry forages Psyllium (Plantago ovata), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of psyllium (Plantago ovata Forssk.)
Dry forages Groundnut, aerial part, dry Groundnut, aerial part, dry
Dry forages Quinoa (Chenopodium quinoa), hay Sun-cured aerial part of quinoa (Chenopodium quinoa Willd.)
Dry forages African spiderflower (Gynandropsis gynandra), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of african spiderflower (Gynandropsis gynandra (L.) Briq.)
Dry forages African basil (Ocimum gratissimum), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of african basil (Ocimum gratissimum L.)
Dry forages Barrel medic (Medicago truncatula), hay Sun-cured aerial part of barrel medic (Medicago truncatula Gaertn.)
Dry forages Bitter gourd (Momordica charantia), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of bitter gourd (Momordica charantia L.)
Dry forages Tomato crop residue, dried Dried byproduct of tomato (Solanum lycopersicum Karst.) processing, consisting probably of aerial parts.
Dry forages Rosemary (Rosmarinus officinalis), aerial part, dry Dehydrated aerial part of rosemary (Rosmarinus officinalis L.)
Dry forages Oat straw, treated with urea or ammonia Oat straw (Avena sativa L.), treated
Dry forages Cereal straw Cereal straw from an unspecified species.
Dry forages Wheat straw Wheat straw (Triticum spp.).
Dry forages Wheat straw, NaOH-treated Wheat straw (Triticum spp.), alkali-treated.
Dry forages Oat straw Oat straw (Avena sativa L.).
Dry forages Oat straw, NaOH-treated Oat straw (Avena sativa L.) alkali-treated.
Dry forages Rice straw Rice straw (Oriza sativa L.).
Dry forages Oat straw, ammonia-treated Oat straw (Avena sativa L.) ammonia-treated.
Dry forages Barley straw, ammonia-treated Barley straw (Hordeum vulgare L.), ammonia-treated.
Dry forages Cowpea (Vigna unguiculata), straw Cowpea straw (Vigna unguiculata (L.) Walp.), crop residue consisting of dried stalks and leaves, including pods or seeds.
Dry forages Barley straw Barley straw (Hordeum vulgare L.).
Dry forages Barley straw, NaOH-treated Barley straw (Hordeum vulgare L.), alkali-treated.
Dry forages Teff (Eragrostis tef), straw Teff straw (Eragrostis tef (Zucc.) Trotter).
Dry forages Common millet (Panicum miliaceum), straw Common millet straw (Panicum miliaceum L.).
Dry forages Wheat straw, ammonia-treated Wheat straw (Triticum spp.), ammonia-treated.
Dry forages Rice straw, NaOH-treated and urea-treated Rice straw (Oriza sativa L.), NaOH-treated and urea-treated
Dry forages Pea straw Pea straw (Pisum sativum L.), crop residue consisting of dried stalks and leaves, including pods or seeds.
Dry forages Cajan pea (Cajanus cajan), straw Cajan pea straw (Cajanus cajan (L.) Huth), crop residue consisting of dried stalks and leaves, including pods or seeds.
Dry forages Mung bean (Vigna radiata), straw Mung bean (Vigna radiata (L.) Hepper) straw, crop residue consisting of dried stalks and leaves, including pods or seeds.
Dry forages Groundnut tops Dried aerial part of groundnut (Arachis hypogaea L.), consisting of dried stalks and leaves.
Dry forages Linseed straw Linseed straw (Linum usitatissimum L.), crop residue consisting of dried stalks and leaves.
Dry forages Lin straw, ammonia-treated Lin straw (Linum usitatissimum L.), ammonia-treated, crop residue consisting of dried stalks and leaves.
Dry forages Ochre vetch (Lathyrus ochrus), straw Ochre vetch straw (Lathyrus ochrus DC.), crop residue consisting of dried stalks and leaves, including pods or seeds.
Dry forages Bitter vetch (Vicia ervilia), straw Bitter vetch straw (Vicia ervilia Willd.), crop residue consisting of dried stalks and leaves, including pods or seeds.
Dry forages Chickpea (Cicer arietinum), straw Chickpea straw (Cicer arietinum L.), crop residue consisting of dried stalks and leaves, including pods or seeds.
Dry forages Faba bean straw Faba bean straw (Vicia faba L.), crop residue consisting of dried stalks and leaves, including pods or seeds.
Dry forages Common vetch (Vicia sativa), straw Vetch straw (Vicia sativa L.), crop residue consisting of dried stalks and leaves, including pods or seeds.
Dry forages Ryegrass, perennial, straw Perennial ryegrass straw (Lolium perenne L.).
Dry forages Wheat, durum, straw Durum wheat straw (Triticum durum L.).
Dry forages Ryegrass, italian, straw Italian ryegrass straw (Lolium multiflorum Lam.).
Dry forages Pea straw, humid Fresh pea straw (Pisum sativum L.), crop residue consisting of dried stalks and leaves, including pods or seeds.
Dry forages Sorghum straw Sorghum straw (Sorghum bicolor (L.).
Dry forages Finger millet (Eleusine coracana), straw Finger millet straw (Eleusine coracana (L.).
Dry forages Black gram (Vigna mungo), straw Mung bean (Vigna mungo (L.) Hepper) straw, crop residue consisting of dried stalks and leaves, including pods or seeds.
Dry forages Guinea grass (Megathyrsus maximus), straw Guinea grass straw (Megathyrsus maximus (Jacq.) B. K. Simon & S. W. L. Jacobs).
Dry forages Barley straw, urea-treated Barley straw (Hordeum vulgare L.), urea-treated.
Dry forages Barley straw, urea and NaOH-treated Barley straw (Hordeum vulgare L.), urea and alkali-treated.
Dry forages Cereal straw dust Probably, dust obtained from the storing of cereal straw, consisting of straw fragments and other foreign material.
Dry forages Cardoon straw Byproduct of the harvest of cardoon (Cynara cardunculus L.), consisting mainly of dry stalks.
Dry forages Rice straw, urea-treated Rice straw (Oriza sativa L.), urea-treated.
Dry forages Hemp, straw Dry stems of hemp (Cannabis sativa L.).
Dry forages Andropogon (Andropogon ascinodis), straw Andropogon (Andropogon ascinodis CB. Clarke), straw
Dry forages Gamba grass (Andropogon gayanus), straw Gamba grass (Andropogon gayanus Kunth), straw
Dry forages Andropogon (Andropogon pseudapricus), straw Andropogon (Andropogon pseudapricus Stapf), straw
Dry forages Common needle grass (Aristida adscensionis), straw Common needle grass (Aristida adscensionis L.), straw
Dry forages Aristida (Aristida funiculata), straw Aristida (Aristida funiculata Trin. & Rupr.), straw
Dry forages Aristida (Aristida mutabilis), straw Aristida (Aristida mutabilis Trin. & Rupr.), straw
Dry forages Brachiaria (Brachiaria lata), straw Brachiaria (Brachiaria lata (Schum.) CE Hubb.), straw
Dry forages Brachiaria (Brachiaria xantholeuca), straw Brachiaria (Brachiaria xantholeuca (Schinz) Stapf), straw
Dry forages Indian sandbur (Cenchrus biflorus), straw Indian sandbur (Cenchrus biflorus Roxb.), straw
Dry forages Buffel grass (Cenchrus ciliaris), straw Buffel grass (Cenchrus ciliaris L.), straw
Dry forages Cenchrus (Cenchrus prieurii), straw Cenchrus (Cenchrus prieurii (Kunth.) Maire), straw
Dry forages Birdwood grass (Cenchrus setiger), straw Birdwood grass (Cenchrus setiger Vahl.), straw
Dry forages Chloris (Chloris barbata), straw Chloris (Chloris barbata (L.) Swartz), straw
Dry forages Chrysopogon (Chrysopogon aucheri), straw Chrysopogon (Chrysopogon aucheri (Boiss.) Stapf), straw
Dry forages Crotalaria (Crotalaria atrorubens), straw Crotalaria (Crotalaria atrorubens Benth.), straw
Dry forages Ctenium (Ctenium elegans), straw Ctenium (Ctenium elegans Kunth), straw
Dry forages Cymbopogon (Cymbopogon schoenanthus), straw Cymbopogon (Cymbopogon schoenanthus (L.) Sprengel), straw
Dry forages Giant star grass (Cynodon plectostachyus), straw Giant star grass (Cynodon plectostachyus (K. Schum.) Pilger), straw
Dry forages Egyptian crowfoot grass (Dactyloctenium aegyptium), straw Straw of Egyptian crowfoot grass (Dactyloctenium aegyptium (L.) Willd.)
Dry forages Digitaria (Digitaria spp.), straw Digitaria (Digitaria spp.), straw
Dry forages Diheteropogon (Diheteropogon hagerupii), straw Diheteropogon (Diheteropogon hagerupii Hitchc.), straw
Dry forages Jungle rice (Echinochloa colona), straw Jungle rice (Echinochloa colona (L.) Link), straw
Dry forages Antelope grass (Echinochloa pyramidalis), straw Antelope grass (Echinochloa pyramidalis (Lam.) Hitchc. & Chase.), straw
Dry forages Burgu (Echinochloa stagnina), straw, humid Burgu (Echinochloa stagnina P. Beauv.), straw
Dry forages Burgu (Echinochloa stagnina), straw, treated with urea and molasses Burgu (Echinochloa stagnina P. Beauv.), straw, treated with urea and molasses
Dry forages Eleocharis (Eleocharis acutangula), straw Eleocharis (Eleocharis acutangula (Roxb.) Schult.), straw
Dry forages Eragrostis (Eragrostis pilosa), straw Eragrostis (Eragrostis pilosa (L.) P. Beauv.), straw
Dry forages Eragrostis (Eragrostis tremula), straw Eragrostis (Eragrostis tremula (Lam.) Steud.), straw
Dry forages Loudetia (Loudetia spp.), straw Loudetia (Loudetia spp.), straw
Dry forages Loudetia (Loudetia togoensis), straw Loudetia (Loudetia togoensis (Pilg.) C.E. Hubb.), straw
Dry forages Microchloa (Microchloa indica), straw Microchloa (Microchloa indica (L.) P. Beauv.), straw
Dry forages Wild rice (Oryza barthii), straw Wild rice (Oryza barthii A. Chev.), straw
Dry forages Panic (Steinchisma laxum), straw Panic (Steinchisma laxum (Sw.) Zuloaga), straw
Dry forages Panic (Panicum racemosum), straw Panic (Panicum racemosum (P. Beauv.) Spreng.), straw
Dry forages Pearl millet (Pennisetum glaucum), straw Pearl millet (Pennisetum glaucum (L.) R. Br.), straw
Dry forages Pearl millet (Pennisetum glaucum), straw, with molasses Pearl millet (Pennisetum glaucum (L.) R. Br.), straw, with molasses
Dry forages Nigeria grass (Pennisetum pedicellatum), straw Nigeria grass (Pennisetum pedicellatum Trin.), straw
Dry forages Elephant grass (Pennisetum purpureum), straw, humid Elephant grass (Pennisetum purpureum Schumach.), straw
Dry forages Wild rice (Oryza longistaminata), straw Wild rice (Oryza longistaminata A. Chev. & Roehr.), straw
Dry forages Rice straw, with molasses Rice straw (Oriza sativa L.), with molasses
Dry forages Itchgrass (Rottboellia cochinchinensis), straw Itchgrass (Rottboellia cochinchinensis (Lour.) Clayton), straw
Dry forages Schizachyrium (Schizachyrium exile), straw Schizachyrium (Schizachyrium exile (Hochst.) Pilger), straw
Dry forages Schoenefeldia (Schoenefeldia gracilis), straw Schoenefeldia (Schoenefeldia gracilis Kunth), straw
Dry forages Sorghum straw, with molasses Sorghum straw (Sorghum bicolor (L.), with molasses
Dry forages Sorghum straw, urea-treated Sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) straw, urea-treated
Dry forages Wild sorghum (Sorghum bicolor subsp. verticilliflorum), straw Wild sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench subsp. verticilliflorum (Steud.) de Wet ex Wiersema & J. Dahlb.), straw
Dry forages Tetrapogon (Tetrapogon cenchriformis), straw Tetrapogon (Tetrapogon cenchriformis (A. Rich.) Clayton), straw
Dry forages Triticale straw Triticale (× Triticosecale Wittm. ex A. Camus.) straw
Dry forages Chloris (Chloris prieurii), straw Chloris (Chloris prieurii Kunth, straw
Dry forages Cereal straw, defibered Defibered cereal straw
Dry forages Cereal straw residue Cereal crop residue made of straw fragments, chaff and weed parts (stems, seeds).
Dry forages Rice straw, ammonia-treated Rice straw (Oriza sativa L.), ammonia-treated.
Dry forages Soybean straw Soybean straw (Glycine max (L.) Merr.), crop residue consisting of dried stalks and leaves, including pods or seeds.
Dry forages Cereal straw, treated with urea or ammonia Cereal straw from an unspecified species, treated to increase nitrogen content
Dry forages Rye straw Rye straw (Secale cereale L.).
Dry forages Wheat straw, humid Wheat straw (Triticum spp.), dry matter < 70%
Dry forages Wheat straw, urea-treated Wheat straw (Triticum spp.), urea-treated.
Dry forages Lentil straw Lentil straw (Lens culinaris Medik.)
Dry forages Common bean (Phasolus vulgaris), straw Common bean straw (Phaseolus vulgaris L.)
Dry forages Sorghum stover Sorghum stover (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench)
Dry forages Narbonne vetch (Vicia narbonensis), straw Narbonne vetch (Vicia narbonensis L.), straw
Dry forages Alfalfa straw Alfalfa straw (Medicago sativa L.)
Dry forages Cotton straw Cotton straw (Gossypium spp.)
Dry forages Cotton straw, urea-treated Cotton straw, urea-treated (Gossypium spp.)
Dry forages Aristida (Aristida mutabilis), aerial part, straw Aristida (Aristida mutabilis Trin. & Rupr.), aerial part, straw
Dry forages Rice bean (Vigna umbellata), straw Rice bean (Vigna umbellata (Thunb.) Ohwi & Ohashi), straw
Dry forages Blue lupin (Lupinus angustifolius) straw Blue lupin straw (Lupinus angustifolius L.), crop residue consisting of dried stalks and leaves, including pods or seeds.
Dry forages Tifton bur clover (Medicago rigidula), straw Straw of tifton bur clover (Medicago rigidula (L.) All.)
Dry forages Sorghum straw, ammonia-treated Sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) straw, urea-treated
Dry forages Fenugreek (Trigonella foenum-graecum), straw Fenugreek (Trigonella foenum-graecum L.) straw
Dry forages Bitter vetch (Vicia ervilia), hay Sun-cured aerial part of bitter vetch (Vicia ervilia Willd.)
Dry forages Monantha vetch (Vicia monantha), straw Straw of monantha vetch (Vicia monantha Retz.)
Dry forages Bramble vetch (Vicia tenuifolia Roth.), straw Straw of bramble vetch (Vicia tenuifolia Roth.)
Dry forages Hairy vetch (Vicia villosa), straw Hairy vetch (Vicia villosa Roth), straw
Dry forages Finger millet (Eleusine coracana), straw, silage Ensiled finger millet straw (Eleusine coracana (L.).
Dry forages Scrobic (Paspalum scrobiculatum), straw Straw of scrobic (Paspalum scrobiculatum L.)
Dry forages Purple vetch (Vicia benghalensis), straw Straw of purple vetch (Vicia benghalensis L.)
Dry forages Rape (Brassica napus), straw Straw of rape (Brassica napus L. var. napus)
Dry forages White lupin (Lupinus albus), straw Straw of white lupin (Lupinus albus L.)
Dry forages Yellow lupin (Lupinus luteus), straw Straw of yellow lupin (Lupinus luteus L.)
Dry forages Sesame (Sesamum indicum), straw Straw of sesame (Sesamum indicum L.)
Dry forages Foxtail millet (Setaria italica), straw Straw of foxtail millet (Setaria italica (L.) Beauv.)
Dry forages Columbus grass (Sorghum × almum), straw Columbus grass (Sorghum × almum Parodi), straw
Dry forages Golden millet (Setaria sphacelata), straw Golden millet (Setaria sphacelata (Schumach.) Stapf & C.E.Hubb. ex Moss), straw
Dry forages Jack bean (Canavalia ensiformis), straw Jack bean (Canavalia ensiformis (L.) DC.), straw
Dry forages African couch grass (Digitaria abyssinica), straw, humid Straw of african couch grass (Digitaria abyssinica (Hochst. ex A. Rich.) Stapf)
Dry forages Aristida (Aristida longiflora), straw Straw of aristida (Aristida longiflora Schumach. & Thonn.)
Dry forages Pea straw, silage Ensiled pea straw (Pisum sativum L.), crop residue consisting of dried stalks and leaves, including pods or seeds.
Dry forages Fonio (Digitaria exilis), straw Straw of fonio (Digitaria exilis Stapf)
Dry forages Phasey bean (Macroptilium lathyroides), straw Straw of phasey bean (Macroptilium lathyroides (L.) Urban)
Dry forages Sulla (Hedysarum coronarium), straw Straw of sulla (Hedysarum coronarium L.)
Dry forages Tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea), straw Straw of tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea L.)
Dry forages Wheat straw, NaOH-treated and urea-treated Wheat straw (Triticum spp.), NaOH-treated and urea-treated.
Dry forages Barley straw [7457] Barley straw (Hordeum vulgare L.).
Dry forages Berseem (Trifolium alexandrinum), straw Straw of berseem (Trifolium alexandrinum L.)
Dry forages One-flower vetch (Vicia articulata), straw Straw of one-flower vetch (Vicia articulata Hornem.)
Dry forages Persian clover (Trifolium resupinatum), straw Straw of persian clover (Trifolium resupinatum L.)
Dry forages Rice straw, urea-treated, humid Rice straw (Oriza sativa L.), urea-treated, humid (dry matter < 70%)
Dry forages Bur clover (Medicago polymorpha), straw Straw of bur clover (Medicago polymorpha L.)
Dry forages Barley straw, NaOH-treated, humid Barley straw (Hordeum vulgare L.), alkali-treated, humid (dry matter < 70%)
Dry forages Wheat straw, NaOH-treated, humid Wheat straw (Triticum spp.), alkali-treated.
Dry forages Wheat straw, urea-treated, humid Wheat straw (Triticum spp.), urea-treated.
Dry forages Rice straw, NaOH-treated, humid Rice straw (Oriza sativa L.), NaOH-treated (dry matter < 70%)
Dry forages Barley straw, ammonia-treated, humid Barley straw (Hordeum vulgare L.), ammonia-treated.
Dry forages Barley straw, urea-treated, humid Barley straw (Hordeum vulgare L.), urea-treated, humid.
Dry forages Rice straw, ammonia-treated, humid Rice straw (Oriza sativa L.), ammonia-treated, humid.
Dry forages Fonio (Digitaria exilis), straw, urea-treated Straw of fonio (Digitaria exilis Stapf), urea-treated
Dry forages Buckwheat (Fagopyrum esculentum), straw Straw of buckwheat (Fagopyrum esculentum L.)
Dry forages Rice straw, NaOH-treated Rice straw (Oriza sativa L.), NaOH-treated
Dry forages Foxtail amaranth (Amaranthus caudatus), straw Straw of foxtail amaranth (Amaranthus caudatus L.)
Dry forages Red amaranth (Amaranthus cruentus), straw Straw of red amaranth (Amaranthus cruentus L.)
Dry forages Green amaranth (Amaranthus hybridus), straw Straw of green amaranth (Amaranthus hybridus L.)
Dry forages Switchgrass (Panicum virgatum), straw Straw of switchgrass (Panicum virgatum L.)
Fresh forages Alfalfa, dehydrated, 18 Dehydrated aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), guaranteed to contain more than 18% DM of protein.
Fresh forages Alfalfa, dehydrated, 2nd cut Dehydrated aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), 2nd cut.
Fresh forages Alfalfa, dehydrated, 1st cut Dehydrated aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), 1st cut.
Fresh forages Alfalfa, dehydrated, 3rd cut Dehydrated aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), 3rd cut.
Fresh forages Alfalfa, dehydrated Dehydrated aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.).
Fresh forages Alfalfa, dehydrated, before flowering Dehydrated aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), harvested before flowering.
Fresh forages Alfalfa, dehydrated, early flowering Dehydrated aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), harvested at the beginning of flowering.
Fresh forages Alfalfa, dehydrated, flowering Dehydrated aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), harvested at flowering.
Fresh forages Alfalfa, dehydrated, 4th cut Dehydrated aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), 4th cut.
Fresh forages Alfalfa, dehydrated, 15 Dehydrated aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), guaranteed to contain more than 15% DM of protein.
Fresh forages Alfalfa, dehydrated, 17 Dehydrated aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), guaranteed to contain more than 17% DM of protein.
Fresh forages Alfalfa, dehydrated, Luzafibre Dehydrated aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.). Luzafibre is sold as 16mm pellets. This is a product sold by Désialis, specifically designed for ruminants.
Fresh forages Alfalfa, dehydrated, 16 Dehydrated aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), guaranteed to contain more than 16% DM of protein.
Fresh forages Alfalfa, dehydrated, protein < 12% Dehydrated aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), containing less than 12% (as fed). It probably contains grass. Alfalfa products like this are often sold under the name "ordinary alfalfa".
Fresh forages Alfalfa, dehydrated, urea-treated Dehydrated aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), urea-treated to increase the nitrogen content for ruminants. This category contains samples other than Boviluz.
Fresh forages Alfalfa, dehydrated, 21 Dehydrated aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), guaranteed to contain more than 21% DM of protein.
Fresh forages Alfalfa, dehydrated, 23 Dehydrated aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), guaranteed to contain more than 23% DM of crude protein.
Fresh forages Alfalfa, dehydrated Stimuluz Dehydrated aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.). Stimuluz is sold as 16mm pellets and is not ground (long fibres). This is a product by France Luzerne, specifically designed for ruminants.
Fresh forages Alfalfa, dehydrated, organic Dehydrated aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), produced by organic farming.
Fresh forages Alfalfa, dehydrated, Lapiluz Dehydrated aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.). This product is homogenized in order to contain 17% protein and 29% crude fibre. Lapiluz is a product sold by Désialis, specifically designed for rabbits.
Fresh forages Alfalfa, dehydrated, long fibres Dehydrated aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), containing coarsely chopped fibres.
Fresh forages Alfalfa, sun-dried Sun-dried aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.).
Fresh forages Clover, red, dehydrated, low temperature Aerial part of red clover (Trifolium pratense L.), dehydrated at low temperature (48° out of the dryer).
Fresh forages Clover, red, dehydrated, high temperature Aerial part of red clover (Trifolium pratense L.), dehydrated at high temperature (130°C out of the dryer).
Fresh forages Alfalfa, dehydrated, low temperature Dehydrated aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), temperature of 50°C out of the dryer
Fresh forages Alfalfa, dehydrated, high temperature Dehydrated aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), temperature of 130°C out of the dryer
Fresh forages Maize, aerial part, dehydrated Dehydrated aerial part (whole plant) of maize (Zea mays L.). The "whole plant" consists of the stalks, the leaves and the ears.
Fresh forages Maize cobs Fibrous inner portion of the ears of maize (Zea mays L.) from which the grains have been removed. This is a crop residue.
Fresh forages Maize cobs, cooked and pelleted Steam-cooked, pelleted fibrous inner portion of the ears of maize (Zea mays L.) from which the grains have been removed. This is a crop residue.
Fresh forages Maize cobs, dehydrated and pelleted Dehydrated, pelleted fibrous inner portion of the ears of maize (Zea mays L.) from which the grains have been removed. This is a crop residue.
Fresh forages Maize stalk, fresh, flowering Fresh maize stalk (Zea mays L.) without the leaves, harvested at flowering stage.
Fresh forages Maize stalk, fresh, milk stage Fresh maize stalk (Zea mays L.) without the leaves, harvested at milk stage.
Fresh forages Maize stalk, fresh, dough stage Fresh maize stalk (Zea mays L.) without the leaves, harvested at dough stage.
Fresh forages Maize stalk, fresh, mature grain Fresh maize stalk (Zea mays L.) without the leaves, harvested at grain maturity.
Fresh forages Maize leaves, fresh, flowering stage Fresh maize leaf (Zea mays L.), harvested at flowering stage.
Fresh forages Maize leaves, fresh, milk stage Fresh maize leaf (Zea mays L.), harvested at milk stage.
Fresh forages Maize leaves, fresh, dough stage Fresh maize leaf (Zea mays L.), harvested at dough stage.
Fresh forages Maize leaves, fresh, grain maturity Fresh maize leaf (Zea mays L.) harvested at grain maturity.
Fresh forages Maize ear, fresh, flowering stage Fresh, maize ear (Zea mays L.),harvested at flowering stage.
Fresh forages Maize ear, dry, milk stage Fresh, maize ear (Zea mays L.),harvested at milk stage.
Fresh forages Maize ear, dry, dough stage Fresh, maize ear (Zea mays L.),harvested at dough stage.
Fresh forages Maize, aerial part, fresh, flowering Fresh aerial part (whole plant) of maize (Zea mays L.), harvested at flowering.
Fresh forages Maize, aerial part, fresh, milk stage Fresh aerial part (whole plant) of maize (Zea mays L.), harvested at milk stage.
Fresh forages Maize, aerial part, fresh, dough stage Fresh aerial part (whole plant) of maize (Zea mays L.), harvested at dough stage.
Fresh forages Maize, aerial part, fresh, grain maturity Fresh aerial part (whole plant) of maize (Zea mays L.), harvested at grain maturity.
Fresh forages Maize stover, fresh Fresh harvest byproduct of maize (Zea mays L.), consisting of the stalks with leaves.
Fresh forages Maize ear, with husks, dry, starch < 40% DM Dry, mature maize ear (Zea mays L.).
Fresh forages Maize ear, dry Maize ear (Zea mays L.), dehydrated
Fresh forages Maize stover, ensiled Ensiled harvest byproduct of maize (Zea mays L.) consisting of the stalks with leaves.
Fresh forages Maize stover, dry Dehydrated byproduct of maize (Zea mays L.) harvest consisting of the stalks with leaves.
Fresh forages Maize, whole plant, pellets Dehydrated and pelleted aerial part (whole plant) of maize (Zea mays L.).
Fresh forages Maize stover, ammonia-treated Fresh harvest byproduct of maize (Zea mays L.), consisting of the stalks with leaves, ammonia-treated.
Fresh forages Maize stover, urea-treated, fresh Fresh harvest byproduct of maize (Zea mays L.), consisting of the stalks with leaves, urea-treated.
Fresh forages Maize ear, dry, organic Dehydrated maize ear (Zea mays L.) produced by organic farming.
Fresh forages Maize, aerial part, dehydrated, dough stage Dehydrated aerial part (whole plant) of maize (Zea mays L.), harvested at dough stage.
Fresh forages Maize, aerial part, dehydrated, grain maturity Dehydrated aerial part (whole plant) of maize (Zea mays L.), harvested at grain maturity,
Fresh forages Maize leaves, fresh Maize leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Maize, aerial part, fresh, milk-dough stage Fresh aerial part (whole plant) of maize (Zea mays L.), harvested at milk-dough stage.
Fresh forages Ear maize, with husks, dry Ear maize, with husks, dry (Zea mays L.)
Fresh forages Ear maize, fresh Ear maize, fresh (Zea mays L.). Synonym : Corn cob mix
Fresh forages Ear maize, with husks, fresh Ear maize, with husks, fresh (Zea mays L.)
Fresh forages Maize leaves, dry Maize leaves, dry
Fresh forages Maize stover, NaOH-treated, fresh Fresh harvest byproduct of maize (Zea mays L.), consisting of the stalks with leaves, NaOH-treated.
Fresh forages Maize stover, NaOH-treated, dry Dehydrated harvest byproduct of maize (Zea mays L.), consisting of the stalks with leaves, NaOH-treated.
Fresh forages Maize cobs, NaOH-treated NaOH-treated, pelleted fibrous inner portion of the ears of maize (Zea mays L.) from which the grains have been removed.
Fresh forages Maize cobs and leaves, fresh Mixture of leaves and cobs, the fibrous inner portion of the ears of maize (Zea mays L.) from which the grains have been removed, fresh
Fresh forages Maize stover, urea-treated, dry Dry harvest byproduct of maize (Zea mays L.), consisting of the stalks with leaves, urea-treated.
Fresh forages Brome, aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.).
Fresh forages Oats, wild (Avena fatua), aerial part, fresh Aerial part of wild oat (Avena fatua L.), fresh.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, italian, aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.).
Fresh forages Timothy (Phleum pratense), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of timothy (Phleum pratense L.).
Fresh forages Barley, aerial part, 6-row, fresh Fresh aerial part  of barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) of a 6-row variety.
Fresh forages Cocksfoot, aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.).
Fresh forages Meadow fescue (Festuca pratensis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of meadow fescue (Festuca pratensis L.).
Fresh forages Elephant grass (Pennisetum purpureum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of elephant grass (Pennisetum purpureum Schumach.). Synonym: Napier grass
Fresh forages Bermuda grass (Cynodon dactylon), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of Bermuda grass (Cynodon dactylon Pers.).
Fresh forages Rhodes grass (Chloris gayana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of Rhodes grass (Chloris gayana Kunth).
Fresh forages Ryegrass, perennial, aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.).
Fresh forages Tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of tall fescue (Festuca pratensis L.).
Fresh forages Ryegrass, italian, aerial part, fresh, 1st cut, vegetative Fresh aerial part of Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.), 1st cut, vegetative.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, italian, aerial part, fresh, 1st cut, ear formation Fresh aerial part of Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.), 1st cut, ear formation.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, italian, aerial part, fresh, 1st cut, early ears appearance Fresh aerial part of Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.), 1st cut, beginning of ears appearance.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, italian, aerial part, fresh, 1st cut, ears apparent Fresh aerial part of Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.), 1st cut, ears apparent.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, italian, aerial part, fresh, 1st cut, flowering Fresh aerial part of Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.), 1st cut, flowering.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, perennial, aerial part, fresh, 1st cut, early ear formation Fresh aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), 1st cut, beginning of flowering.
Fresh forages Tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea), aerial part, fresh, 1st cut, early ear appearance Fresh aerial part of tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea L.), 1st cut, harvested when the ears begin to appear.
Fresh forages Cocksfoot, aerial part, fresh, 1st cut, flowering Fresh aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), harvested at 1st cut at flowering.
Fresh forages Cocksfoot, aerial part, fresh, 1st cut, ear formation Fresh aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), harvested at 1st cut at ear formation.
Fresh forages Cocksfoot, aerial part, fresh, 1st cut, ears apparent Fresh aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), harvested at 1st cut when most of the ears are apparent.
Fresh forages Cocksfoot, aerial part, fresh, 1st cut, all ears apparent Fresh aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), harvested at 1st cut when all ears are apparent.
Fresh forages Cocksfoot, aerial part, fresh, 1st cut, early flowering Fresh aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), harvested at 1st cut when flowering begins.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, italian, aerial part, fresh, 2nd cut Fresh aerial part of Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.), 2nd cut.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, perennial, aerial part, fresh, 2nd cut Fresh aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), 2nd cut
Fresh forages Tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea), aerial part, fresh, 2nd cut Fresh aerial part of tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea L.), 2nd cut.
Fresh forages Cocksfoot, aerial part, fresh, 2nd cut Fresh aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), harvested at 2nd cut.
Fresh forages Cocksfoot, aerial part, fresh, 3rd cut Fresh aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), harvested at 3rd cut.
Fresh forages Oats, aerial part, fresh, milk-dough stage Aerial part of oat (Avena sativa L.), fresh, harvested at milk-dough stage.
Fresh forages Oats, aerial part, fresh, end of flowering stage Aerial part of oat (Avena sativa L.), fresh, harvested at the end of flowering.
Fresh forages Oats, aerial part, fresh, early grain formation Aerial part of oat (Avena sativa L.), fresh, harvested at the beginning of grain formation.
Fresh forages Oats, aerial part, fresh, early milk stage Aerial part of oat (Avena sativa L.), fresh, harvested at the beginning of milk stage.
Fresh forages Oats, aerial part, fresh, milk stage Aerial part of oat (Avena sativa L.), fresh, harvested at milk stage.
Fresh forages Oats, aerial part, fresh, dough stage Aerial part of oat (Avena sativa L.), fresh, harvested at dough stage.
Fresh forages Barley, aerial part, fresh, end of flowering Fresh aerial part of barley (Hordeum vulgare L.), harvested at the end of flowering.
Fresh forages Barley, aerial part, fresh, grain formation Fresh aerial part of barley (Hordeum vulgare L.), harvested at grain formation.
Fresh forages Barley, aerial part, fresh, milk stage Fresh aerial part of barley (Hordeum vulgare L.), harvested at milk stage.
Fresh forages Barley, aerial part, fresh, dough-milk stage Fresh aerial part of barley (Hordeum vulgare L.), harvested at dough-milk stage.
Fresh forages Barley, aerial part, fresh, dough stage Fresh aerial part of barley (Hordeum vulgare L.), harvested at dough stage.
Fresh forages Wheat, soft, aerial part, fresh, early grain formation Aerial part of soft wheat (Triticum aestivum L.), fresh, harvested at the beginning of grain formation.
Fresh forages Wheat, soft, aerial part, fresh, early milk stage Aerial part of soft wheat (Triticum aestivum L.), fresh, harvested at the beginning of milk stage.
Fresh forages Wheat, soft, aerial part, fresh, milk stage Aerial part of soft wheat (Triticum aestivum L.), fresh, harvested at milk stage.
Fresh forages Wheat, soft, aerial part, fresh, milk-dough stage Aerial part of soft wheat (Triticum aestivum L.), fresh, harvested at milk-dough stage.
Fresh forages Wheat, soft, aerial part, fresh, dough stage Aerial part of soft wheat (Triticum aestivum L.), fresh, harvested at dough stage.
Fresh forages Wheat, soft, aerial part, fresh, ear formation Aerial part of soft wheat (Triticum aestivum L.), fresh, harvested when the ears begin to form.
Fresh forages Wheat, soft, aerial part, fresh, ears apparent Aerial part of soft wheat (Triticum aestivum L.), fresh, harvested when the ears are apparent.
Fresh forages Wheat, soft, aerial part, fresh, flowering Aerial part of soft wheat (Triticum aestivum L.), fresh, harvested at flowering.
Fresh forages Grass, natural grassland, 1st cut, fresh Fresh aerial part of grass from natural grassland, 1st cut.
Fresh forages Grass, natural grassland, 2nd cut, fresh Fresh aerial part of grass from natural grassland, 2nd cut.
Fresh forages Grass, natural grassland, 3rd cut, fresh Fresh aerial part of grass from natural grassland, 3rd cut.
Fresh forages Grass, natural grassland, 4th cut, fresh Fresh aerial part of grass from natural grassland, 4th cut.
Fresh forages Grass, natural grassland, 5th cut, fresh Fresh aerial part of grass from natural grassland, 5th cut.
Fresh forages Grass, natural grassland, fresh Fresh aerial part of grass from natural grassland.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, italian, aerial part, fresh, 4th cut Fresh aerial part of Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.), 4th cut.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, perennial, aerial part, fresh, 1st cut Fresh aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), 1st cut.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, perennial, aerial part, fresh, 3rd cut Fresh aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), 3rd cut.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, perennial, aerial part, fresh, 4th cut Fresh aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), 4th cut.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, perennial, aerial part, fresh, 5th cut Fresh aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), 5th cut.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, perennial, aerial part, fresh, 6th cut Fresh aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), 6th cut.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, perennial, aerial part, fresh, 7th cut Fresh aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), 7th cut.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, italian, aerial part, fresh, vegetative Fresh aerial part of Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.), vegetative.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, hybrid, aerial part, fresh, 4th cut, vegetative Fresh aerial part of hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.), 4th cut, vegetative.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, hybrid, aerial part, fresh, vegetative Fresh aerial part of hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.), vegetative.
Fresh forages Tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea), aerial part, fresh, 1st cut Fresh aerial part of tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea L.), 1st cut.
Fresh forages Tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea), aerial part, fresh, 3rd cut Fresh aerial part of tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea L.), 3rd cut.
Fresh forages Tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea), aerial part, fresh, 4th cut Fresh aerial part of tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea L.), 4th cut.
Fresh forages Tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea), aerial part, fresh, 6th cut Fresh aerial part of tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea L.), 6th cut.
Fresh forages Tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea), aerial part, fresh, 1st cut, vegetative Fresh aerial part of tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea L.), 1st cut, vegetative.
Fresh forages Cocksfoot, aerial part, fresh, 4th cut Fresh aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), harvested at 4th cut.
Fresh forages Cocksfoot, aerial part, fresh, 6th cut Fresh aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), harvested at 6th cut.
Fresh forages Cocksfoot, aerial part, fresh, 1st cut, vegetative Fresh aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), harvested at 1st cut, vegetative.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, perennial, aerial part, fresh, 1st cut, ear formation Fresh aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), 1st cut, ear formation.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, perennial, aerial part, fresh, ears apparent Fresh aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), ears apparent.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, perennial, aerial part, fresh, 2nd cut, 8 weeks Fresh aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), 2nd cut, 8 weeks.
Fresh forages Cocksfoot, aerial part, fresh, 2nd cut, vegetative 7-8 weeks Fresh aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), harvested at 2nd cut, vegetative 7-8 weeks.
Fresh forages Cocksfoot, aerial part, fresh, 1st cut, early ear appearance Fresh aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), harvested at 1st cut when the ears begin to appear.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, perennial, aerial part, fresh, vegetative Fresh aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), vegetative.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, perennial, aerial part, fresh, 2nd cut, 4-5 weeks Fresh aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), 2nd cut, 4-5 weeks.
Fresh forages Cocksfoot, aerial part, fresh, 1st cut, early ear formation Fresh aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), harvested at 1st cut at the beginning of ear formation.
Fresh forages Cocksfoot, aerial part, fresh, 2nd cut, vegetative 4-6 weeks Fresh aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), harvested at 2nd cut, vegetative 4-6 weeks.
Fresh forages Brome, aerial part, fresh, 1st cut Fresh aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.), harvested at 1st cut.
Fresh forages Brome, aerial part, fresh, 2nd cut Fresh aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.), harvested at 2nd cut.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, italian, aerial part, fresh, 2nd cut, ear formation Fresh aerial part of Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.), 2nd cut, ear formation.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, italian, aerial part, fresh, 2nd cut, early ear appearance Fresh aerial part of Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.), 2nd cut, beginning of ear appearance.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, italian, aerial part, fresh, 2nd cut, ears apparent Fresh aerial part of Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.), 2nd cut, ears apparent.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, italian, aerial part, fresh, 3rd cut, ears apparent Fresh aerial part of Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.), 3rd cut, ears apparent.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, italian, aerial part, fresh, 3rd cut, flowering Fresh aerial part of Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.), 3rd cut, flowering.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, italian, aerial part, fresh, 2nd cut, vegetative Fresh aerial part of Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.), 2nd cut, vegetative.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, italian, aerial part, fresh, 3rd cut, vegetative Fresh aerial part of Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.), 3rd cut, vegetative.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, italian, aerial part, fresh, 4th cut, ears apparent Fresh aerial part of Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.), 4th cut, ears apparent.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, italian, aerial part, fresh, 5th cut, ears apparent Fresh aerial part of Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.), 5th cut, ears apparent.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, italian, aerial part, fresh, 6th cut, vegetative Fresh aerial part of Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.), 6th cut, vegetative.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, perennial, aerial part, fresh, 2nd cut, vegetative Fresh aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), 2nd cut, vegetative.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, perennial, aerial part, fresh, 3rd cut, vegetative Fresh aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), 3rd cut, vegetative.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, perennial, aerial part, fresh, 2nd cut, ear formation Fresh aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), 2nd cut, ear formation.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, perennial, aerial part, fresh, 3rd cut, early ears appearance Fresh aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), 3rd cut, beginning of ears appearance.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, perennial, aerial part, fresh, 4th cut, vegetative Fresh aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), 4th cut, vegetative.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, perennial, aerial part, fresh, 5th cut, vegetative Fresh aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), 5th cut, vegetative.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, perennial, aerial part, fresh, 6th cut, vegetative Fresh aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), 6th cut, vegetative.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, perennial, aerial part, fresh, 2nd cut, early ear appearance Fresh aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), 2nd cut, beginning of ear appearance.
Fresh forages Cocksfoot, aerial part, fresh, 2nd cut, vegetative Fresh aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), harvested at 2nd cut, vegetative.
Fresh forages Cocksfoot, aerial part, fresh, 3rd cut, vegetative Fresh aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), harvested at 3rd cut, vegetative.
Fresh forages Cocksfoot, aerial part, fresh, 2nd cut, ears apparent Fresh aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), harvested at 2nd cut when most of the ears are apparent.
Fresh forages Cocksfoot, aerial part, fresh, 4th cut, vegetative Fresh aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), harvested at 4th cut, vegetative.
Fresh forages Cocksfoot, aerial part, fresh, 5th cut, vegetative Fresh aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), harvested at 5th cut, vegetative.
Fresh forages Cocksfoot, aerial part, fresh, 6th cut, vegetative Fresh aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), harvested at 6th cut, vegetative.
Fresh forages Cocksfoot, aerial part, fresh, 2nd cut, early ear appearance Fresh aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), harvested at 2nd cut when the ears start to appear.
Fresh forages Cocksfoot, aerial part, fresh, 3rd cut, early ear appearance Fresh aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), harvested at 3rd cut when the ears start to appear.
Fresh forages Tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea), aerial part, fresh, 2nd cut, vegetative Fresh aerial part of tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea L.), 2nd cut, vegetative.
Fresh forages Tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea), aerial part, fresh, 3rd cut, vegetative Fresh aerial part of tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea L.), 3rd cut, vegetative.
Fresh forages Tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea), aerial part, fresh, 2nd cut, ear appearent Fresh aerial part of tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea L.), 2nd cut, harvested when the ears are apparent.
Fresh forages Tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea), aerial part, fresh, 4th cut, vegetative Fresh aerial part of tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea L.), 4th cut, vegetative.
Fresh forages Tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea), aerial part, fresh, 5th cut, vegetative Fresh aerial part of tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea L.), 5th cut, vegetative.
Fresh forages Tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea), aerial part, fresh, 6th cut, vegetative Fresh aerial part of tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea L.), 6th cut, vegetative.
Fresh forages Tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea), aerial part, fresh, 1st cut, early ear formation Fresh aerial part of tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea L.), 1st cut, harvested when the ears begin to appear.
Fresh forages Tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea), aerial part, fresh, 2nd cut, early ear appearance Fresh aerial part of tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea L.), 2nd cut, harvested when the ears begin to appear.
Fresh forages Brome, aerial part, fresh, 1st cut, ears apparent Fresh aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.), harvested at 1st cut when the ears are apparent.
Fresh forages Brome, aerial part, fresh, 3th cut, ears apparent Fresh aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.), harvested at 3th cut when the ears are apparent.
Fresh forages Brome, aerial part, fresh, 4th cut, ears apparent Fresh aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.), harvested at 4th cut when the ears are apparent.
Fresh forages Brome, aerial part, fresh, 5th cut, ears apparent Fresh aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.), harvested at 5th cut when the ears are apparent.
Fresh forages Brome, aerial part, fresh, 6th cut, ears apparent Fresh aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.), harvested at 6th cut when the ears are apparent.
Fresh forages Brome, aerial part, fresh, 1st cut, ear formation Fresh aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.), harvested at 1st cut during ear formation.
Fresh forages Brome, aerial part, fresh, 2nd cut, early ear appearance Fresh aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.), harvested at 2nd cut when the ears begin to appear.
Fresh forages Brome, aerial part, fresh, early ear formation Fresh aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.), harvested when the ears begin to form.
Fresh forages Brome, aerial part, fresh, 3rd cut, vegetative Fresh aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.), harvested at 3rd cut when vegetative.
Fresh forages Brome, aerial part, fresh, 6th cut, vegetative Fresh aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.), harvested at 6th cut when vegetative.
Fresh forages Brome, aerial part, fresh, 2nd cut, ears apparent Fresh aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.), harvested at 2nd cut when the ears are apparent.
Fresh forages Brome, aerial part, fresh, 3rd cut, early ear appearance Fresh aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.), harvested at 3rd cut when the ears begin to appear.
Fresh forages Brome, aerial part, fresh, 5th cut, vegetative Fresh aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.), harvested at 5th cut when vegetative.
Fresh forages Brome, aerial part, fresh, 1st cut, early ear appearance Fresh aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.), harvested at 1st cut when the ears begin to appear.
Fresh forages Brome, aerial part, fresh, 2nd cut, ear formation Fresh aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.), harvested at 2nd cut during ear formation.
Fresh forages Brome, aerial part, fresh, 4th cut, vegetative Fresh aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.), harvested at 4th cut when vegetative.
Fresh forages Brome, aerial part, fresh, 5th cut, early ear appearance Fresh aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.), harvested at 5th cut when the ears begin to appear.
Fresh forages Brome, aerial part, fresh, vegetative Fresh aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.), harvested when vegetative.
Fresh forages Brome, aerial part, fresh, 4th cut, early ear appearance Fresh aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.), harvested at 4th cut when the ears begin to appear.
Fresh forages Brome, aerial part, fresh, 2nd cut, vegetative Fresh aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.), harvested at 2nd cut when vegetative.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, hybrid, aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.).
Fresh forages Tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea), aerial part, fresh, 1st cut, end of ear appearance Fresh aerial part of tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea L.), 1st cut, harvested when the ears are all apparent.
Fresh forages Quackgrass (Agropyron repens), aerial part, fresh, vegetative Fresh aerial part of quackgrass (Agropyron repens (L.) Beauv.), harvested when vegetative.
Fresh forages Quackgrass (Agropyron repens), aerial part, fresh, ears apparent Fresh aerial part of quackgrass (Agropyron repens (L.) Beauv.), harvested when the ears are apparent.
Fresh forages Quackgrass (Agropyron repens), aerial part, fresh, flowering Fresh aerial part of quackgrass (Agropyron repens (L.) Beauv.), harvested at flowering.
Fresh forages Timothy (Phleum pratense), aerial part, fresh, vegetative Fresh aerial part of timothy (Phleum pratense L.), vegetative.
Fresh forages Timothy (Phleum pratense), aerial part, fresh, ears apparent Fresh aerial part of timothy (Phleum pratense L.), harvested when the ears are apparent.
Fresh forages Timothy (Phleum pratense), aerial part, fresh, flowering Fresh aerial part of timothy (Phleum pratense L.), harvested at flowering.
Fresh forages Brome, aerial part, fresh, at flowering Fresh aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.), harvested at flowering.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, perennial, aerial part, fresh, flowering Fresh aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), flowering.
Fresh forages Triticale, aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of triticale (× Triticosecale Wittm. ex A. Camus.).
Fresh forages Rye , aerial part, fresh, vegetative Fresh aerial part of rye (Secale secale L.), vegetative.
Fresh forages Rye , aerial part, fresh, ears apparent Fresh aerial part of rye (Secale secale L.), harvested when the ears are apparent.
Fresh forages Mat-grass (Nardus stricta), aerial part, fresh Wild gramineous meadow plant (Nardus stricta L.) with spiky leaves.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, aerial part, fresh, 1st cut Fresh aerial part of  ryegrass (Lolium spp.), 1st cut.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, aerial part, fresh, 2nd cut Fresh aerial part of ryegrass (Lolium spp.), 2nd cut.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, aerial part, fresh, 3rd cut Fresh aerial part of  ryegrass (Lolium spp.), 3rd cut.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, aerial part, fresh, 4th cut Fresh aerial part of  ryegrass (Lolium spp.), 4th cut.
Fresh forages Grass, fresh Fresh aerial part of grass.
Fresh forages Acroceras (Acroceras amplectens), stems, fresh Acroceras (Acroceras amplectens Stapf), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Andropogon (Andropogon africanus), aerial part, fresh Andropogon (Andropogon africanus Franch.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Andropogon (Andropogon amplectens), aerial part, fresh Andropogon (Andropogon amplectens Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Andropogon (Andropogon ascinodis), aerial part, fresh Andropogon (Andropogon ascinodis CB. Clarke), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Andropogon (Andropogon auriculatus), aerial part, fresh Andropogon (Andropogon auriculatus Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Andropogon (Andropogon canaliculatus), aerial part, fresh Andropogon (Andropogon canaliculatus Schum.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Andropogon (Andropogon fastigiatus), aerial part, fresh Andropogon (Andropogon fastigiatus Sw.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Andropogon (Andropogon gabonensis), aerial part, fresh Andropogon (Andropogon gabonensis Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Gamba grass (Andropogon gayanus), aerial part, fresh Gamba grass (Andropogon gayanus Kunth), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Gamba grass (Andropogon gayanus), flowers, fresh Gamba grass (Andropogon gayanus Kunth), flowers, fresh
Fresh forages Andropogon (Andropogon macrophyllus), aerial part, fresh Andropogon (Andropogon macrophyllus Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Andropogon (Andropogon perligulatus), aerial part, fresh Andropogon (Andropogon perligulatus Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Andropogon (Andropogon pinguipes), aerial part, fresh Andropogon (Andropogon pinguipes Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Andropogon (Andropogon pseudapricus), aerial part, fresh Andropogon (Andropogon pseudapricus Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Andropogon (Andropogon schirensis), aerial part, fresh Andropogon (Andropogon schirensis Hochst. ex A. Rich.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Horse grass (Andropogon tectorum), aerial part, fresh Horse grass (Andropogon tectorum Schum. & Thonn.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Common needle grass (Aristida adscensionis), aerial part, fresh Common needle grass (Aristida adscensionis L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Aristida (Aristida funiculata), aerial part, fresh Aristida (Aristida funiculata Trin. & Rupr.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Aristida (Aristida hordeacea), aerial part, fresh Aristida (Aristida hordeacea Kunth), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Aristida (Aristida longiflora), aerial part, fresh Aristida (Aristida longiflora Schumach. & Thonn.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Aristida (Aristida mutabilis), aerial part, fresh Aristida (Aristida mutabilis Trin. & Rupr.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Stipagrostis (Stipagrostis uniplumis), aerial part, fresh Stipagrostis (Stipagrostis uniplumis (Licht.) De Winter), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Aristida (Aristida plumosa), aerial part, fresh Aristida (Aristida plumosa Desf.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Aristida (Aristida pungens), aerial part, fresh Aristida (Aristida pungens Desf.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Oats, aerial part, fresh Aerial part of oat (Avena sativa L.), fresh
Fresh forages Carpet grass (Axonopus fissifolius), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of carpet grass (Axonopus fissifolius (Raddi) Kuhlm.)
Fresh forages Blanket grass (Axonopus compressus), aerial part, fresh Blanket grass (Axonopus compressus (Sw.) P. Beauv.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Beckeropsis (Beckeropsis uniseta), aerial part, fresh Beckeropsis (Beckeropsis uniseta (Nees) K.Schum), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Indian bluegrass (Bothriochloa pertusa), aerial part, fresh Indian bluegrass (Bothriochloa pertusa (L.) A. Camus.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Brachiaria (Brachiaria brachylopha), aerial part, fresh Brachiaria (Brachiaria brachylopha Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Bread grass (Brachiaria brizantha), aerial part, fresh Bread grass (Brachiaria brizantha (A. Rich.) Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Signal grass (Brachiaria decumbens), aerial part, fresh Signal grass (Brachiaria decumbens Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Brachiaria (Brachiaria deflexa), aerial part, fresh Brachiaria (Brachiaria deflexa (Schum.) CE Hubb. ex Robyns), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Koronivia grass (Brachiaria humidicola), aerial part, fresh Koronivia grass (Brachiaria humidicola Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Brachiaria (Brachiaria jubata), aerial part, fresh Brachiaria (Brachiaria jubata (Fig. & De Not.) Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Brachiaria (Brachiaria lata), aerial part, fresh Brachiaria (Brachiaria lata (Schum.) CE Hubb.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Para grass (Brachiaria mutica), aerial part, fresh Para grass (Brachiaria mutica (Forssk.) Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Browntop millet (Brachiaria ramosa), aerial part, fresh Browntop millet  (Brachiaria ramosa (L.) Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Congo grass (Brachiaria ruziziensis), aerial part, fresh Congo grass (Brachiaria ruziziensis Germ. & Evrard), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Brachiaria (Brachiaria stigmatisata), aerial part, fresh Brachiaria (Brachiaria stigmatisata (Mez) Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Brachiaria (Brachiaria villosa), aerial part, fresh Brachiaria (Brachiaria villosa (Lam.) A.Camus), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Brachiaria (Brachiaria xantholeuca), aerial part, fresh Brachiaria (Brachiaria xantholeuca (Schinz) Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Indian sandbur (Cenchrus biflorus), aerial part, fresh Indian sandbur (Cenchrus biflorus Roxb.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Buffel grass (Cenchrus ciliaris), aerial part, fresh Buffel grass (Cenchrus ciliaris L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Birdwood grass (Cenchrus setiger), aerial part, fresh Birdwood grass (Cenchrus setiger Vahl.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Chloris (Chloris pycnothrix), aerial part, fresh Chloris (Chloris pycnothrix Trin.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Chloris (Chloris prieurii), aerial part, fresh Chloris (Chloris prieurii Kunth), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Blackseed grass (Chloris virgata), aerial part, fresh Blackseed grass (Chloris virgata Swartz.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Chrysopogon (Chrysopogon aciculatus), aerial part, fresh Chrysopogon (Chrysopogon aciculatus (Retz.) Trin., aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Chrysopogon (Chrysopogon aucheri), aerial part, fresh Chrysopogon (Chrysopogon aucheri (Boiss.) Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Chrysopogon (Chrysopogon plumulosus), aerial part, fresh Chrysopogon (Chrysopogon plumulosus L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Cymbopogon (Cymbopogon schoenanthus), aerial part, fresh Cymbopogon (Cymbopogon schoenanthus (L.) Sprengel), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Pangola (Digitaria eriantha), aerial part, fresh Pangola (Digitaria eriantha Steud.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Digitaria (Digitaria gayana), aerial part, fresh Digitaria (Digitaria gayana (Kunth) Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Digitaria (Digitaria horizontalis), aerial part, fresh Digitaria (Digitaria horizontalis Willd.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Digitaria (Digitaria longiflora), aerial part, fresh Digitaria (Digitaria longiflora (Retz.) Pers.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Digitaria (Digitaria milanjiana), aerial part, fresh Digitaria (Digitaria milanjiana (Rendle) Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Swaziland finger grass (Digitaria swazilandensis), aerial part, fresh Swaziland finger grass (Digitaria swazilandensis Stent), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages African couch grass (Digitaria abyssinica), aerial part, fresh African couch grass (Digitaria abyssinica (Hochst. ex A. Rich.) Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Diheteropogon (Diheteropogon amplectens), aerial part, fresh Diheteropogon (Diheteropogon amplectens (Nees) Clayton), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Diheteropogon (Diheteropogon hagerupii), aerial part, fresh Diheteropogon (Diheteropogon hagerupii Hitchc.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Jungle rice (Echinochloa colona), aerial part, fresh Jungle rice (Echinochloa colona (L.) Link), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Echinochloa (Echinochloa obtusiflora), aerial part, fresh Echinochloa (Echinochloa obtusiflora Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Antelope grass (Echinochloa pyramidalis), aerial part, fresh Antelope grass (Echinochloa pyramidalis (Lam.) Hitchc. & Chase.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Burgu (Echinochloa stagnina), aerial part, fresh Burgu (Echinochloa stagnina P. Beauv.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Eleusine (Eleusine compressa), aerial part, fresh Eleusine (Eleusine compressa (Forssk.) Asch. & Schwienf.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Finger millet (Eleusine coracana), aerial part, fresh Finger millet (Eleusine coracana (L.) Gaertn.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Goose grass (Eleusine indica), aerial part, fresh Goose grass (Eleusine indica (L.) Gaertn.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Elionurus (Elionurus elegans), aerial part, fresh Elionurus (Elionurus elegans Kunth), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Elionurus (Elionurus pobeguinii), aerial part, fresh Elionurus (Elionurus pobeguinii Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Eragrostis (Eragrostis atrovirens), aerial part, fresh Eragrostis (Eragrostis atrovirens (Desv.) Trin. ex Steud.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Weeping love grass (Eragrostis curvula), aerial part, fresh Weeping love grass (Eragrostis curvula (Schrad.) Nees.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Eragrostis (Eragrostis pilosa), aerial part, fresh Eragrostis (Eragrostis pilosa (L.) P. Beauv.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Masai love grass (Eragrostis superba), aerial part, fresh Masai love grass (Eragrostis superba Peyr.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Eragrostis (Eragrostis tremula), aerial part, fresh Eragrostis (Eragrostis tremula (Lam.) Steud.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Eriochloa (Eriochloa nubica), aerial part, fresh Eriochloa (Eriochloa nubica (Steud.) Hack. & Stapf ex Thell.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Spear grass (Heteropogon contortus), aerial part, fresh Spear grass (Heteropogon contortus (L.) Beauv. ex Roem. & Schult.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia bagirmica), aerial part, fresh Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia bagirmica (Stapf) Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia bracteata), aerial part, fresh Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia bracteata (Humb. & Bonpl. ex Willd.) Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia chrysargyrea), aerial part, fresh Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia chrysargyrea Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia confinis), aerial part, fresh Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia confinis (Hochst. ex A. Rich.) Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Coloured hood grass (Hyparrhenia cymbaria), aerial part, fresh Coloured hood grass (Hyparrhenia cymbaria (L.) Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia diplandra), aerial part, fresh Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia diplandra (Hack.) Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia diplandra), flowers, fresh Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia diplandra (Hack.) Stapf), flowers, fresh
Fresh forages Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia diplandra), stems, fresh Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia diplandra (Hack.) Stapf), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia diplandra), stems and flowers, fresh Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia diplandra (Hack.) Stapf), stems and flowers, fresh
Fresh forages Yellow thatching grass (Hyperthelia dissoluta), aerial part, fresh Yellow thatching grass (Hyparrhenia dissoluta (Nees ex Steud.) C.E.Hubb.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Fine thatching grass (Hyparrhenia filipendula), aerial part, fresh Fine thatching grass (Hyparrhenia filipendula (Hochst.) Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia glabriuscula), aerial part, fresh Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia glabriuscula (A.Rich.) Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia glabriuscula), stems and tops, fresh Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia glabriuscula (A.Rich.) Stapf), stems and tops, fresh
Fresh forages Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia gracilescens), aerial part, fresh Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia gracilescens Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia pilgeriana), aerial part, fresh Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia pilgeriana C. E. Hubb.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Jaragua (Hyparrhenia rufa), aerial part, fresh Jaragua (Hyparrhenia rufa (Nees) Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Jaragua (Hyparrhenia rufa), flowers, fresh Jaragua (Hyparrhenia rufa (Nees) Stapf), flowers, fresh
Fresh forages Jaragua (Hyparrhenia rufa), stems, fresh Jaragua (Hyparrhenia rufa (Nees) Stapf), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia smithiana), aerial part, fresh Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia smithiana (Hook. f.) Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia spp.), aerial part, fresh Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia spp.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia spp.), stems, fresh Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia spp.), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia subplumosa), aerial part, fresh Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia subplumosa Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Alang-alang (Imperata cylindrica), aerial part, fresh Alang-alang (Imperata cylindrica (L.) Raeusch.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Sewan grass (Lasiurus scindicus), aerial part, fresh Sewan grass (Lasiurus scindicus Henrard), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Swamp rice grass (Leersia hexandra), aerial part, fresh Swamp rice grass (Leersia hexandra Sw.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Leptochloa (Leptochloa caerulescens), aerial part, fresh Leptochloa (Leptochloa caerulescens Steud.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Barley, aerial part, fresh, ear formation Barley, aerial part, fresh, ear formation
Fresh forages Wild rice (Oryza barthii), aerial part, fresh Wild rice (Oryza barthii A. Chev.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Panic (Panicum anabaptistum), aerial part, fresh Panic (Panicum anabaptistum Steud.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Blue panic (Panicum antidotale), aerial part, fresh Blue panic (Panicum antidotale Retz.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Coloured Guinea grass (Panicum coloratum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of coloured Guinea grass (Panicum coloratum L.)
Fresh forages Festulolium (Festulolium fredericii), aerial part, fresh Festulolium (Festulolium fredericii Cugnac & A. Camus), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Panic (Panicum gracilicaule), aerial part, fresh Panicum (Panicum gracilicaule Rendle), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Panic (Steinchisma laxum), aerial part, fresh Steinchisma (Steinchisma laxum (Sw.) Zuloaga), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Guinea grass (Megathyrsus maximus), aerial part, fresh Guinea grass (Megathyrsus maximus (Jacq.) B. K. Simon & S. W. L. Jacobs), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Guinea grass (Megathyrsus maximus), stems, fresh Fresh stems of guinea grass (Megathyrsus maximus (Jacq.) B. K. Simon & S. W. L. Jacobs)
Fresh forages Panic (Panicum pansum), aerial part, fresh Panicum (Panicum pansum Rendle), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Panic (Panicum phragmitoides), aerial part, fresh Panicum (Panicum phragmitoides Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Panic (Panicum turgidum), aerial part, fresh Panicum (Panicum turgidum Forssk.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Panic (Panicum turgidum), stems, fresh Panic (Panicum turgidum Forssk.), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Switchgrass (Panicum virgatum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of switchgrass (Panicum virgatum L.)
Fresh forages Paspalidium (Paspalidium geminatum), aerial part, fresh Paspalidium (Paspalidium germinatum (Forssk.) Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Buffalo grass (Paspalum conjugatum), aerial part, fresh Buffalo grass (Paspalum conjugatum Berg.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Dallis grass (Paspalum dilatatum), aerial part, fresh Dallis grass (Paspalum dilatatum Poir.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Paspalum (Paspalum distichum), aerial part, fresh Paspalum (Paspalum distichum L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Scrobic (Paspalum scrobiculatum), aerial part, fresh Scrobic (Paspalum scrobitulatum L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Paspalum (Paspalum spp.), aerial part, fresh Paspalum (Paspalum spp.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Paspalum (Paspalum urvillei), aerial part, fresh Paspalum (Paspalum urvillei Steud.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Paspalum (Paspalum vaginatum), aerial part, fresh Paspalum (Paspalum urvillei Steud.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Paspalum (Paspalum virgatum), aerial part, fresh Paspalum (Paspalum virgatum L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Pennisetum (Pennisetum divisum), aerial part, fresh Pennisetum (Pennisetum divisum Forssk. ex JF Gmel.) Henrard), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Kikuyu (Pennisetum clandestinum), aerial part, fresh Kikuyu (Pennisetum clandestinum Hochst.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Pearl millet (Pennisetum glaucum), aerial part, fresh Pearl millet (Pennisetum glaucum (L.) R. Br.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Pearl millet (Pennisetum glaucum), flowers, fresh Pearl millet (Pennisetum glaucum (L.) R. Br.), flowers, fresh
Fresh forages Pearl millet (Pennisetum glaucum), stems, fresh Pearl millet (Pennisetum glaucum (L.) R. Br.), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Pennisetum (Pennisetum hordeoides), aerial part, fresh Pennisetum (Pennisetum hordeoides (Lam.) Steud.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Nigeria grass (Pennisetum pedicellatum), aerial part, fresh Nigeria grass (Pennisetum pedicellatum Trin.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Mission grass (Pennisetum polystachion), aerial part, fresh Mission grass (Pennisetum polystachion (L.) Schultes), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Elephant grass (Pennisetum purpureum), stems, fresh Elephant grass (Pennisetum purpureum Schumach.), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Elephant grass (Pennisetum purpureum v. merkeri), aerial part, fresh Elephant grass (Pennisetum purpureum v. merkeri), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Pennisetum (Pennisetum setaceum), aerial part, fresh Pennisetum (Pennisetum polystachion (L.) Schultes), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Pennisetum (Pennisetum subangustum), aerial part, fresh Pennisetum (Pennisetum subangustum Stapf & CE. Hubb.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Pennisetum (Pennisetum subangustum), stems, fresh Pennisetum (Pennisetum subangustum Stapf & CE. Hubb.), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Ryegrass, aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ryegrass (Lolium spp.).
Fresh forages Wild rice (Oryza longistaminata), aerial part, fresh Wild rice (Oryza longistaminata A. Chev. & Roehr.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Wild rice (Oryza longistaminata), leaves, fresh Wild rice (Oryza longistaminata A. Chev. & Roehr.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Rice, aerial part, fresh Rice (Oryza sativa L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Itchgrass (Rottboellia cochinchinensis), aerial part, fresh Itchgrass (Rottboellia cochinchinensis (Lour.) Clayton), aerial part, fresh (often Roetboellia exaltata L. f.)
Fresh forages Schizachyrium (Schizachyrium brevifolium), aerial part, fresh Schizachyrium (Schizachyrium brevifolium (Sw.) Nees ex Büse), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Schizachyrium (Schizachyrium exile), aerial part, fresh Schizachyrium (Schizachyrium exile (Hochst.) Pilger), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Schizachyrium (Schizachyrium platyphyllum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of schizachyrium (Schizachyrium platyphyllum (Franch.) Stapf)
Fresh forages Schizachyrium (Schizachyrium sanguineum), aerial part, fresh Schizachyrium (Schizachyrium sanguineum (Retz.) Alston), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Schoenefeldia (Schoenefeldia gracilis), aerial part, fresh Schoenefeldia (Schoenefeldia gracilis Kunth), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Schoenefeldia (Schoenefeldia gracilis), stems, fresh Schoenefeldia (Schoenefeldia gracilis Kunth), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Sorghastrum (Sorghastrum trichopus), aerial part, fresh Sorghastrum (Sorghastrum trichopus (Stapf) Pilg.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Setaria (Setaria barbata), aerial part, fresh Setaria (Setaria barbata (Lam.) Kunth), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Setaria (Setaria gracilis), aerial part, fresh Setaria (Setaria gracilis Kunth), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Big-leaf bristle grass (Setaria megaphylla), aerial part, fresh Big-leaf bristle grass (Setaria megaphylla (Steud) Dur. & Schinz.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Setaria (Setaria pallide-fusca), aerial part, fresh Setaria (Setaria pallide-fusca (Schum.) Stapf & Hubb.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Golden millet (Setaria sphacelata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of golden millet (Setaria sphacelata (Schumach.) Stapf & C.E.Hubb. ex Moss), anceps type
Fresh forages Golden millet (Setaria sphacelata), flowers, fresh Golden millet (Setaria sphacelata (Schumach.) Stapf & C.E.Hubb. ex Moss), flowers, fresh
Fresh forages Golden millet (Setaria sphacelata), stems, fresh Golden millet (Setaria sphacelata (Schumach.) Stapf & C.E.Hubb. ex Moss), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Sorghum, aerial part, fresh Sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Sorghum stems, fresh Sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench) stems, fresh
Fresh forages Sweet sorghum, aerial part, fresh Sweet sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Sorghum stems, fresh, treated with urea Sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench) stems, fresh, treated with urea
Fresh forages Wild sorghum (Sorghum bicolor subsp. verticilliflorum), aerial part, fresh Wild sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench subsp. verticilliflorum (Steud.) de Wet ex Wiersema & J. Dahlb.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Columbus grass (Sorghum x almum), aerial part, fresh Columbus grass (Sorghum x almum Parodi), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Sporobolus (Sporobolus africanus), aerial part, fresh Sporobolus (Sporobolus africanus (Poir.) Robyns & Tournay), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Sporobolus (Sporobolus festivus Hochst. ex A. Rich.), aerial part, fresh Sporobolus (Sporobolus festivus Hochst. ex A. Rich.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Sporobolus (Sporobolus helvolus), aerial part, fresh Sporobolus (Sporobolus helvolus (Trin.) Dur. & Schinz.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Whorled dropseed (Sporobolus indicus), aerial part, fresh Whorled dropseed (Sporobolus indicus (L.) R. Br.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Sporobolus (Sporobolus robustus), aerial part, fresh Sporobolus (Sporobolus robustus Kunth), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Sporobolus (Sporobolus spicatus), aerial part, fresh Sporobolus (Sporobolus spicatus (Vahl) Kunth.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Stenotaphrum (Stenotaphrum dimidiatum), aerial part, fresh Stenotaphrum (Stenotaphrum dimidiatum (L.) Brongn.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages St Augustine grass (Stenotaphrum secundatum), aerial part, fresh St Augustine grass (Stenotaphrum secundatum (Walter) O. Kuntze), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Stenotaphrum (Stenotaphrum spp.), aerial part, fresh Stenotaphrum (Stenotaphrum spp.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Stipagrostis (Stipagrostis lanata), aerial part, fresh Stipagrostis (Stipagrostis lanata (Forssk.) De Winter), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Stipagrostis (Stipagrostis plumosa), aerial part, fresh Stipagrostis (Stipagrostis plumosa (L.) Munro ex T. Anderson), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Tetrapogon (Tetrapogon cenchriformis), aerial part, fresh Tetrapogon (Tetrapogon cenchriformis (A. Rich.) Clayton), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Red oat grass (Themeda triandra), aerial part, fresh Red oat grass (Themeda triandra Forssk.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Guatemala grass (Tripsacum laxum), aerial part, fresh Guatemala grass (Tripsacum laxum Scrib and Merr.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Urelytrum (Urelytrum thyrsoides), aerial part, fresh Urelytrum (Urelytrum thyrsoides Stapf.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Urochloa (Urochloa trichopus), aerial part, fresh Urochloa (Urochloa trichopus (Hochst.) Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Vetiver (Chrysopogon nigritanus), aerial part, fresh Vetiver (Chrysopogon nigritanus (Benth.) Veldkamp), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Eragrostis (Eragrostis tremula), flowers, fresh Eragrostis (Eragrostis tremula (Lam.) Steud.), flowers, fresh
Fresh forages Panic (Panicum laetum), aerial part, fresh Panicum (Panicum laetum Kunth), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Fescue, aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of fescue (Festuca spp.).
Fresh forages Cocksfoot and fescue, fresh Fresh aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.) and fescue (Festuca spp.).
Fresh forages Alfalfa, clover, cocksfoot and perennial ryegrass, aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.) and perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.).
Fresh forages Natural grassland, clover, fescue and perennial ryegrass, fresh Fresh aerial part of grass from natural grassland, fescue (Fescuta spp.), clover (Trifolium spp.) and perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.).
Fresh forages Cocksfoot and perennial ryegrass, fresh Fresh aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.) and perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.).
Fresh forages Cocksfoot, fescue and perennial ryegrass, aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), fescue (Festuca spp.) and perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.).
Fresh forages White clover, fescue and perennial ryegrass, aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of fescue (Festuca spp.), perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.) and white clover (Trifolium repens L.).
Fresh forages Grassland, red clover, fescue, perennial ryegrass, fresh Fresh aerial part of fescue (Festuca spp.), perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.) and red clover (Trifolium pratense L.).
Fresh forages Grassland, red clover, hybrid ryegrass, perennial ryegrass, fresh Fresh aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.) and red clover (Trifolium pratense L.).
Fresh forages Italian and perennial ryegrass, fresh Fresh aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.) and Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.).
Fresh forages Grassland, white clover, perennial ryegrass, fresh Fresh aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.) and white clover (Trifolium repens L.).
Fresh forages Grassland, red clover, perennial ryegrass, fresh Fresh aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.) and red clover (Trifolium pratense L.).
Fresh forages White clover and hybrid ryegrass, fresh Fresh aerial part of white clover (Trifolium repens L.) and hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.).
Fresh forages Red clover and hybrid ryegrass, fresh Fresh aerial part of hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.) and red clover (Trifolium pratense L.).
Fresh forages Brome, red clover and Italian ryegrass, fresh Fresh aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.), Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.) and red clover (Trifolium pratense L.).
Fresh forages Cocksfoot and Italian ryegrass, fresh Fresh aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.) and Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.).
Fresh forages Hybrid ryegrass and Italian ryegrass, fresh Fresh aerial part of hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.) and Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.).
Fresh forages Fescue and Italian ryegrass, aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of fescue (Festuca spp.) and Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.).
Fresh forages Clover, Italian ryegrass and perennial ryegrass, fresh Fresh aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.) and clover (Trifolium spp.).
Fresh forages White clover, Italian ryegrass and perennial ryegrass, fresh Fresh aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.) and white clover (Trifolium repens L.).
Fresh forages Cocksfoot, clover, hybrid ryegrass and Italian ryegrass, aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.), clover (Trifolium spp.), hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.) and Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.).
Fresh forages Fescue, hybrid ryegrass and Italian ryegrass, fresh Fresh aerial part of fescue (Fescuta spp.), hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.) and Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.).
Fresh forages Hybrid ryegrass, Italian ryegrass and perennial ryegrass, fresh Fresh aerial part of Italian ryegrass italien (Lolium multiflorum Lam.), hybrid ryegrass (Lolium × hybridum Hausskn.) and perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.).
Fresh forages White clover, hybrid ryegrass and Italian ryegrass, fresh Fresh aerial part of hybrid ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.) and white clover (Trifolium repens L.).
Fresh forages Clover and Italian ryegrass, fresh Fresh aerial part of Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.) and clover (Trifolium spp.).
Fresh forages Clover and ryegrass, fresh Fresh aerial part of ryegrass (Lolium spp.) and clover (Trifolium spp.).
Fresh forages Natural grassland, clover and perennial ryegrass, fresh Fresh aerial part of grass from natural grassland, clover (Trifolium spp.) and perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.).
Fresh forages South African love grass (Eragrostis plana), aerial part, fresh South African love grass (Eragrostis plana Nees), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Flechilla (Nassella mucronata), aerial part, fresh Aerial part of flechilla (Nassella mucronata (Kunth) R. W. Pohl), fresh
Fresh forages Oats, aerial part, fresh, ear appearance Aerial part of oat (Avena sativa L.), fresh, harvested at ear appearance.
Fresh forages Ryegrass, aerial part, fresh, early ear appearance Fresh aerial part of ryegrass (Lolium spp.) harvest at early ear appearance
Fresh forages Ryegrass, aerial part, fresh, ear appearance Fresh aerial part of ryegrass (Lolium spp.) harvest at early ear appearance
Fresh forages Ryegrass, aerial part, fresh, early grain formation Fresh aerial part of ryegrass (Lolium spp.), harvested at beginning of grain formation
Fresh forages Grazing brome (Bromus catharticus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of brome (Bromus catharticus Vahl).
Fresh forages Rye, aerial part, fresh, early ear apparence Fresh aerial part of rye (Secale secale L.), harvested at early ear appearance.
Fresh forages Rye , aerial part, fresh, grain formation Fresh aerial part of rye (Secale secale L.), harvested at grain formation.
Fresh forages Barley, aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of barley (Hordeum vulgare L.).
Fresh forages Barley, aerial part, 2-row, fresh Fresh aerial part  of barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) of a 2-row variety.
Fresh forages Vetch and oat, aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of vetch (unspecified genus Lathryus or Vicia) and oat (Avena sativa L.).
Fresh forages Ryegrass and berseem (Trifolium alexandrinum), fresh Fresh aerial part of ryegrass (Lolium spp.) and berseem (Trifolium alexandrinum L.)
Fresh forages White clover and ryegrass, fresh Fresh aerial part of ryegrass (Lolium spp.) and white clover (Trifolium repens L.).
Fresh forages Ryegrass and Persian clover (Trifolium resupinatum), fresh Fresh aerial part of ryegrass (Lolium spp.) and Persian clover (Trifolium resupinatum L.).
Fresh forages Grassland, ryegrass, red clover, fresh Fresh aerial part of ryegrass (Lolium spp.) and red clover (Trifolium pratense L.).
Fresh forages Alfalfa and cocksfoot, aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.) and alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.).
Fresh forages Cocksfoot and white clover, fresh Fresh aerial part of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.) and white clover (Trifolium repens L.).
Fresh forages Sorghum, aerial part, fresh, mature grain Sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Triticale, aerial part, fresh, grain formation Fresh aerial part of triticale (× Triticosecale Wittm. ex A. Camus.).
Fresh forages Triticale, aerial part, fresh, early ear appearance Fresh aerial part of triticale (× Triticosecale Wittm. ex A. Camus.).
Fresh forages Triticale, aerial part, fresh, ear appearance Fresh aerial part of triticale (× Triticosecale Wittm. ex A. Camus.).
Fresh forages Triticale and Persian clover (Trifolium resupinatum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ryegrass (× Triticosecale Wittm. ex A. Camus.) and Persian clover (Trifolium resupinatum L.).
Fresh forages Setaria (Setaria spp.), aerial part, fresh Setaria (Setaria spp.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Giant reed (Arundo donax), aerial part, fresh Giant reed (Arundo donax L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Creeping bluegrass (Bothriochloa insculpta), aerial part, fresh Creeping bluegrass (Bothriochloa insculpta (Hochst. ex A. Rich.) A. Camus), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Giant star grass (Cynodon aethiopicus), aerial part, fresh Giant star grass (Cynodon aethiopicus Clayton & Harland), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Bahia grass (Paspalum notatum), aerial part, fresh Bahia grass (Paspalum notatum Flügge), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Grey love grass (Eragrostis cilianensis), aerial part, fresh Grey love grass (Eragrostis cilianensis (All.) Vignolo ex Janch.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Carib grass (Eriochloa polystachya), aerial part, fresh Carib grass (Eriochloa polystachya H.B.K.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Toco grass (Ischaemum aristatum), aerial part, fresh Toco grass (Ischaemum aristatum L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Pennisetum (Pennisetum stramineum), aerial part, fresh Pennisetum (Pennisetum stramineum Peter), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Natal grass (Melinis repens), aerial part, fresh Natal grass (Melinis repens (Willd.) Zizka), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Teosinte (Zea mays subsp. mexicana), aerial part, fresh Teosinte (Zea mays L. subsp. mexicana (Schrad.) H. H. Iltis), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Aristida (Aristida pallida), aerial part, fresh Aristida (Aristida pallida Trin.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Black oat (Avena strigosa), aerial part, fresh Black oat (Avena strigosa Schreb.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Star grass (Cynodon nlemfuensis), aerial part, fresh Star grass (Cynodon nlemfuensis Vanderyst), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages King grass (Pennisetum purpureum x Pennisetum glaucum), aerial part, fresh Pennisetum (Pennisetum purpureum Schumach.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Desmostachya (Desmostachya bipinnata), aerial part, fresh Desmostachya (Desmostachya bipinnata (L.) Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Smooth brome (Bromus inermis), aerial part, fresh Smooth brome (Bromus inermis Leyss), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Reed canary grass (Phalaris arundinacea), aerial part, fresh Reed canary grass (Phalaris arundinacea L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Ochthochloa (Ochthochloa compressa), aerial part, fresh Ochthochloa (Ochthochloa compressa (Forssk.) Hilu), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Annual ryegrass (Lolium rigidum), aerial part, fresh Annual ryegrass (Lolium rigidum Gaudin), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Brachiaria (Brachiaria dictyoneura), aerial part, fresh Brachiaria (Brachiaria dictyoneura (Fig. & De Not.) Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Iwarancusa grass (Cymbopogon jwarancusa), aerial part, fresh Iwarancusa grass (Cymbopogon jwarancusa (Jones) Schult.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Festulolium (× Festulolium), aerial part, fresh Festulolium (× Festulolium), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Common meadow grass (Poa pratensis), aerial part, fresh Common meadow grass (Poa pratensis L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Meadow brome (Bromus riparius), aerial part, fresh Meadow brome (Bromus riparius Rehmann), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Hymenachne (Hymenachne acutigluma), aerial part, fresh Hymenachne (Hymenachne acutigluma (Steud.) Gilliland), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Sporobolus (Sporobolus marginatus), aerial part, fresh Sporobolus (Sporobolus marginatus Hochst. ex A. Rich.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Fog grass (Holcus lanatus), aerial part, fresh Fog grass (Holcus lanatus), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Vachellia (Vachellia robusta), aerial part, fresh Vachellia (Vachellia robusta (Burch.) Kyal. & Boatwr.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Vachellia (Vachellia hebeclada), aerial part, fresh Vachellia (Vachellia hebeclada (DC.) Kyal. & Boatwr.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Kirkia (Kirkia acuminata), aerial part, fresh Kirkia (Kirkia acuminata Oliv.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Giant finger grass (Chloris barbata), aerial part, fresh Giant finger grass (Chloris barbata Sw.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Halopyrum (Halopyrum mucronatum), aerial part, fresh Halopyrum (Halopyrum mucronatum (Linn.) Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Urochondra (Urochondra setulosa), aerial part, fresh Urochondra (Urochondra setulosa (Trin.) C. E. Hubbard), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Brachiaria (Brachiaria marlothii), aerial part, fresh Brachiaria (Brachiaria marlothii (Hack.) Stent), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Brachiaria (Brachiaria lachnantha), aerial part, fresh Brachiaria (Brachiaria lachnantha (Hochst.) Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Cymbopogon (Cymbopogon pospischilii), aerial part, fresh Cymbopogon (Cymbopogon pospischilii (K. Schum.) C. E. Hubb.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Eleusine (Eleusine multiflora), aerial part, fresh Eleusine (Eleusine multiflora Hochst. ex A. Rich.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Eragrostis (Eragrostis aspera), aerial part, fresh Eragrostis (Eragrostis aspera (Jacq.) Nees), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Harpachne (Harpachne schimperi), aerial part, fresh Harpachne (Harpachne schimperi Hochst. ex A. Rich.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia anamesa), aerial part, fresh Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia anamesa Clayton), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Sporobolus (Sporobolus pellucidus), aerial part, fresh Sporobolus (Sporobolus pellucidus Hochst.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Oats, aerial part, fresh, glace stage Aerial part of oat (Avena sativa L.), fresh, harvested at glace stage.
Fresh forages Sheep fescue (Festuca ovina), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sheep fescue (Festuca ovina L.).
Fresh forages Smilo (Piptatherum miliaceum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of smilo (Piptatherum miliaceum (L.) Coss.)
Fresh forages Perennial canary grass (Phleum subulatum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of perennial canary grass (Phleum subulatum (Savi) Asch. & Graebn.)
Fresh forages Truncated canary grass (Phalaris truncata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of truncated canary grass (Phalaris truncata Guss.)
Fresh forages Rye, aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of rye (Secale secale L.)
Fresh forages Sudan grass (Sorghum x drummondii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of Sudan grass (Sorghum x drummondii (Steud.) Millsp. & Chas)
Fresh forages Wheat, soft, aerial part, fresh, vegetative Aerial part of soft wheat (Triticum aestivum L.), fresh, vegetative
Fresh forages Wheat, soft, aerial part, fresh, glace stage Aerial part of soft wheat (Triticum aestivum L.), fresh, harvested at glace stage.
Fresh forages Wheat, aerial part, silage, milk stage, NaOH-treated Ensiled aerial part of wheat (Triticum aestivum L.), fresh, harvested at milk stage
Fresh forages Blue signal grass (Brachiaria leersioides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of blue signal grass (Brachiaria leersioides (Hoschst.) Stapf)
Fresh forages Nile grass (Acroceras macrum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of Nile grass (Acroceras macrum Stapf)
Fresh forages Spotted brachiaria (Brachiaria nigropedata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of spotted brachiaria (Brachiaria nigropedata (Munro ex Ficalho & Hiern) Stapf)
Fresh forages Hook grass (Leptothrium senegalense), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of hook grass (Leptothrium senegalense (Kunth) Clayton)
Fresh forages Paspalidium (Paspalidium desertorum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of paspalidium (Paspalidium desertorum (A.Rich.) Stapf)
Fresh forages Sain grass (Sehima nervosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sain grass (Sehima nervosa (Rottler) Stapf)
Fresh forages Hairy herringbone grass (Tetrapogon cenchriformis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of hairy herringbone grass (Tetrapogon cenchriformis (A.Rich.) Clayton)
Fresh forages Liverseed grass (Urochloa panicoides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of liverseed grass (Urochloa panicoides P.Beauv.)
Fresh forages Pennisetum (Pennisetum mezianum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of pennisetum (Pennisetum mezianum Leeke)
Fresh forages Australian bluestem grass (Bothriochloa bladhii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of australian bluestem grass (Bothriochloa bladhii (Retz.) S.T.Blake)
Fresh forages Guria grass (Chrysopogon fulvus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of guria grass (Chrysopogon fulvus (Spreng.) Chiov.)
Fresh forages Musal grass (Iseilema laxum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of musal grass (Iseilema laxum Hack.)
Fresh forages Land grass (Panicum schinzii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of land grass (Panicum schinzii Hack.)
Fresh forages Small canary grass (Phalaris minor), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of small canary grass (Phalaris minor Retz.)
Fresh forages Johnson grass (Sorghum halepense), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of johnson grass (Sorghum halepense (L.) Pers.)
Fresh forages Sabi grass (Urochloa mosambicensis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sabi grass (Urochloa mosambicensis (Hack.) Dandy)
Fresh forages Centipede grass (Ischaemum timorense), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of centipede grass (Ischaemum timorense Kunth)
Fresh forages Bothriochloa (Bothriochloa radicans), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of bothriochloa (Bothriochloa radicans (Lehm.) A.Camus)
Fresh forages Trichoneura (Trichoneura mollis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of trichoneura (Trichoneura mollis (Kunth) Ekman)
Fresh forages Tripogon (Tripogon minimus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of tripogon (Tripogon minimus (A.Rich.) Hochst. ex Steud.)
Fresh forages Cyperus (Cyperus amabilis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cyperus (Cyperus amabilis Vahl)
Fresh forages Cyperus (Cyperus submicrolepis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cyperus (Cyperus submicrolepis Kük.)
Fresh forages Anthephora (Anthephora nigritana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of anthephora (Anthephora nigritana Stapf & C.E.Hubb.)
Fresh forages Aristida (Aristida stipoides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of aristida (Aristida stipoides Lam.)
Fresh forages Digitaria (Digitaria argillacea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of digitaria (Digitaria argillacea (Hitchc. & Chase) Fernald)
Fresh forages Sehima (Sehima ischaemoides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sehima (Sehima ischaemoides Forssk.)
Fresh forages Japanese love grass (Eragrostis amabilis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of japanese love grass (Eragrostis amabilis (L.) Wight & Arn.)
Fresh forages Wild Sudan grass (Sorghum arundinaceum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of wild Sudan grass (Sorghum arundinaceum (Desv.) Stapf)
Fresh forages Elbow buffalo grass (Panicum subalbidum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of elbow buffalo grass (Panicum subalbidum Kunth)
Fresh forages Vetiver (Chrysopogon zizanioides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of vetiver (Chrysopogon zizanioides (L.) Roberty)
Fresh forages Gamba grass (Andropogon gayanus), aerial part, silage Ensiled aerial part of gamba grass (Andropogon gayanus Kunt)
Fresh forages Bulbous canary grass (Phalaris aquatica), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of bulbous canary grass (Phalaris aquatica L.)
Fresh forages Cockspur grass (Echinochloa crus-galli), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cockspur grass (Echinochloa crus-galli (L.) P.Beauv.)
Fresh forages Dal grass (Hymenachne amplexicaulis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of dal grass (Hymenachne amplexicaulis (Rudge) Nees)
Fresh forages Carpet grass (Axonopus scoparius), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of carpet grass (Axonopus scoparius (Flüggé) Kuhlm.)
Fresh forages German grass (Echinochloa polystachya), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of german grass (Echinochloa polystachya (Kunth) Hitchc.)
Fresh forages Honduras grass (Ixophorus unisetus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of honduras grass (Ixophorus unisetus (J.Presl) Schltdl.)
Fresh forages Job's tears (Coix lacryma-jobi), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of job's tears (Coix lacryma-jobi L.)
Fresh forages Dactyloctenium (Dactyloctenium geminatum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of dactyloctenium (Dactyloctenium geminatum Hack.)
Fresh forages Digitaria (Digitaria velutina), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of digitaria (Digitaria velutina (Forssk.) P.Beauv.)
Fresh forages Enteropogon (Enteropogon macrostachyus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of enteropogon (Enteropogon macrostachyus (A.Rich.) Munro ex Benth.)
Fresh forages Common thatching grass (Hyparrhenia hirta), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of common thatching grass (Hyparrhenia hirta (L.) Stapf)
Fresh forages Malabar sprangletop (Leptochloa fusca), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of malabar sprangletop (Leptochloa fusca (L.) Kunth)
Fresh forages Sporobolus (Sporobolus ioclados), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sporobolus (Sporobolus ioclados (Trin.) Nees)
Fresh forages Guatemala grass (Tripsacum latifolium), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of guatemala grass (Tripsacum latifolium Hitchc.)
Fresh forages Erodium (Erodium moschatum), aerial part, fresh Erodium (Erodium moschatum (L.) L'Hér), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Common millet (Panicum miliaceum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of common millet (Panicum miliaceum L.)
Fresh forages Common millet (Panicum miliaceum), stems Stems of common millet (Panicum miliaceum L.).
Fresh forages Common millet (Panicum miliaceum), panicles Panicles of common millet (Panicum miliaceum L.).
Fresh forages Foxtail millet (Setaria italica), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of foxtail millet (Setaria italica (L.) Beauv.)
Fresh forages Lovegrass (Eragrostis olivacea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of lovegrass (Eragrostis olivacea K.Schum.)
Fresh forages Giant setaria (Setaria sphacelata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of golden millet (Setaria sphacelata (Schumach.) Stapf & C.E.Hubb. ex Moss), splendida type
Fresh forages Teff (Eragrostis tef), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of teff (Eragrostis tef (Zucc.) Trotter)
Fresh forages Andropogon (Andropogon spp.), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of andropogon (Andropogon spp.)
Fresh forages Chloris (Chloris pilosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of chloris (Chloris pilosa Schumach.)
Fresh forages Fonio (Digitaria exilis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of fonio (Digitaria exilis Stapf)
Fresh forages Digitaria (Digitaria macroblephara), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of digitaria (Digitaria macroblephara (Hack.) Stapf)
Fresh forages Uba cane (Saccharum sinense), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of uba cane (Saccharum sinense Roxb.)
Fresh forages Venezuela grass (Paspalum fasciculatum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of Venezuela grass (Paspalum fasciculatum Willd. ex Flüggé)
Fresh forages Alloteropsis (Alloteropsis semialata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of alloteropsis (Alloteropsis semialata (R.Br.) Hitchc.)
Fresh forages Antelope grass (Elionurus muticus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of antelope grass (Elionurus muticus (Spreng.) Kuntze)
Fresh forages Armgrass millet (Brachiaria distachya), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of armgrass millet (Brachiaria distachya (L.) Stapf)
Fresh forages Entolasia (Entolasia imbricata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of entolasia (Entolasia imbricata Stapf)
Fresh forages Carib grass (Eriochloa polystachya), stems, fresh Dry stems of carib grass (Eriochloa polystachya H.B.K.)
Fresh forages Centipede grass (Ischaemum timorense), stems, fresh Fresh stems of centipede grass (Ischaemum timorense Kunth)
Fresh forages Chloris (Chloris roxburghiana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of chloris (Chloris roxburghiana Schult.)
Fresh forages Cushion love grass (Eragrostis caespitosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cushion love grass (Eragrostis caespitosa Chiov.)
Fresh forages Coelachyrum (Coelachyrum yemenicum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of coelachyrum (Coelachyrum yemenicum (Schweinf.) S.M.Phillips)
Fresh forages Dal grass (Hymenachne amplexicaulis), stems, fresh Fresh stems of dal grass (Hymenachne amplexicaulis (Rudge) Nees)
Fresh forages Digitaria (Digitaria gazensis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of digitaria (Digitaria gazensis Rendle)
Fresh forages Donkey grass (Panicum trichocladum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of donkey grass (Panicum trichocladum K.Schum.)
Fresh forages Dubi grass (Urochloa oligotricha), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of dubi grass (Urochloa oligotricha (Fig. & De Not.) Henrard)
Fresh forages Echinochloa (Echinochloa haploclada), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of echinochloa (Echinochloa haploclada (Stapf) Stapf)
Fresh forages Goose grass (Eleusine indica), stems, fresh Fresh stems of goose grass (Eleusine indica (L.) Gaertn.)
Fresh forages Horo (Trachypogon spicatus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of horo (Trachypogon spicatus (L.f.) Kuntze)
Fresh forages Hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia papillipes), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of hyparrhenia (Hyparrhenia papillipes (Hochst. ex A.Rich.) Andersson ex Stapf)
Fresh forages Kachi grass (Cymbopogon caesius), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of kachi grass (Cymbopogon caesius (Hook. & Arn.) Stapf)
Fresh forages Leptochloa (Leptochloa obtusiflora), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of leptochloa (Leptochloa obtusiflora Hochst.)
Fresh forages Dichanthium (Dichanthium caricosum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of dichanthium (Dichanthium caricosum (L.) A.Camus)
Fresh forages Dichanthium (Dichanthium caricosum), stems, fresh Fresh stems of dichanthium (Dichanthium caricosum (L.) A.Camus)
Fresh forages Panicum (Panicum massaiense), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of panicum (Panicum massaiense Stapf)
Fresh forages Para grass (Brachiaria mutica), stems, fresh Fresh stems of para grass (Brachiaria mutica (Forssk.) Stapf)
Fresh forages Pennisetum (Pennisetum squamulatum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of pennisetum (Pennisetum squamulatum Fresen.)
Fresh forages Pennisetum (Pennisetum trachyphyllum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of pennisetum (Pennisetum trachyphyllum Pilg.)
Fresh forages Polypogon (Polypogon schimperianus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of polypogon (Polypogon schimperianus (Hochst. ex Steud.) Cope)
Fresh forages Sporobolus (Sporobolus nervosus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sporobolus (Sporobolus nervosus Hochst.)
Fresh forages Uba cane (Saccharum sinense), stems, fresh Fresh stems of uba cane (Saccharum sinense Roxb.)
Fresh forages Dichanthium (Dichanthium spp.), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of dichanthium (Dichanthium spp.)
Fresh forages Yellow foxtail (Setaria pumila), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of yellow foxtail (Setaria pumila (Poir.) Roem. & Schult.)
Fresh forages Arthraxon (Arthraxon prionodes), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of arthraxon (Arthraxon prionodes (Steud.) Dandy)
Fresh forages Arundinella (Arundinella setosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of arundinella (Arundinella setosa Trin.)
Fresh forages Cyrtococcum (Cyrtococcum patens), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cyrtococcum (Cyrtococcum patens (L.) A.Camus)
Fresh forages East Indian crabgrass (Digitaria setigera), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of east Indian crabgrass (Digitaria setigera Roth)
Fresh forages Elymus (Elymus nutans), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of elymus (Elymus nutans Griseb.)
Fresh forages Elymus (Elymus tsukushiensis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of elymus (Elymus tsukushiensis Honda)
Fresh forages Eragrostis (Eragrostis montana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of eragrostis (Eragrostis montana Balansa)
Fresh forages Giant setaria (Setaria sphacelata), stems, dry Dry stems of giant setaria (Setaria sphacelata (Schumach.) Stapf & C.E.Hubb. ex Moss)
Fresh forages Glenwood grass (Sacciolepis indica), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of glenwood grass (Sacciolepis indica (L.) Chase)
Fresh forages Guinea grass (Megathyrsus maximus), stems, dry Dry stems of guinea grass (Megathyrsus maximus (Jacq.) B. K. Simon & S. W. L. Jacobs)
Fresh forages Hairy crabgrass (Digitaria sanguinalis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of hairy crabgrass (Digitaria sanguinalis (L.) Scop.)
Fresh forages Heteropogon (Heteropogon triticeus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of heteropogon (Heteropogon triticeus (R.Br.) Stapf ex Craib)
Fresh forages Hurricane grass (Bothriochloa barbinodis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of hurricane grass (Bothriochloa barbinodis (Lag.) Herter)
Fresh forages Intermediate wheatgrass (Elymus hispidus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of intermediate wheatgrass (Elymus hispidus (Opiz) Melderis)
Fresh forages Ischaemum (Ischaemum barbatum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ischaemum (Ischaemum barbatum Retz.)
Fresh forages Java grass (Polytrias indica), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of java grass (Polytrias indica (Houtt.) Veldkamp)
Fresh forages Kikuyu (Pennisetum clandestinum), stems, fresh Fresh stems of kikuyu (Pennisetum clandestinum Hochst.)
Fresh forages Koeleria (Koeleria litvinowii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of koeleria (Koeleria litvinowii Domin)
Fresh forages Koeleria (Koeleria macrantha), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of koeleria (Koeleria macrantha (Ledeb.) Schult.)
Fresh forages Leymus (Leymus secalinus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of leymus (Leymus secalinus (Georgi) Tzvelev)
Fresh forages Apluda (Apluda mutica), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of apluda (Apluda mutica L.)
Fresh forages Oplismenus (Oplismenus burmanni), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of oplismenus (Oplismenus burmanni (Retz.) P.Beauv.)
Fresh forages Pangola (Digitaria eriantha), stems, fresh Fresh stems of pangola (Digitaria eriantha Steud.)
Fresh forages Panic (Panicum notatum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of panic (Panicum notatum Retz.)
Fresh forages Paspalidium (Paspalidium flavidum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of paspalidium (Paspalidium flavidum (Retz.) A.Camus)
Fresh forages Pennisetum (Pennisetum orientale), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of pennisetum (Pennisetum orientale Rich.)
Fresh forages Rhodes grass (Chloris gayana), stems, fresh Fresh stems of rhodes grass (Chloris gayana Kunth)
Fresh forages Rice, stems, fresh Fresh stems of rice (Oryza sativa L.)
Fresh forages Brachiaria (Brachiaria reptans), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of brachiaria (Brachiaria reptans (L.) C.A.Gardner & C.E.Hubb.)
Fresh forages Stipa (Stipa aliena), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of stipa (Stipa aliena Keng)
Fresh forages Stipagrostis (Stipagrostis scoparia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of stipagrostis (Stipagrostis scoparia (Trin. & Rupr.) De Winter)
Fresh forages Tiger grass (Thysanolaena latifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of tiger grass (Thysanolaena latifolia (Roxb. ex Hornem.) Honda)
Fresh forages Torpedo grass (Panicum repens), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of torpedo grass (Panicum repens L.)
Fresh forages Tufted hairgrass (Deschampsia cespitosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of tufted hairgrass (Deschampsia cespitosa (L.) P.Beauv.)
Fresh forages Wheat, soft, aerial part, fresh, urea-treated Aerial part of soft wheat (Triticum aestivum L.), fresh, urea-treated
Fresh forages Digitaria (Digitaria californica), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of digitaria (Digitaria californica (Benth.) Henrard)
Fresh forages Piptochaetium (Piptochaetium napostaense), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of piptochaetium (Piptochaetium napostaense (Speg.) Hack. ex Stuck.)
Fresh forages Poa (Poa ligularis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of poa (Poa ligularis Nees ex Steud.)
Fresh forages Argentine needlegrass (Nassella tenuissima), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of argentine needlegrass (Nassella tenuissima (Trin.) Barkworth)
Fresh forages False Rhodes grass (Trichloris crinita), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of false Rhodes grass (Trichloris crinita (Lag.) Parodi)
Fresh forages Hordeum (Hordeum stenostachys), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of hordeum (Hordeum stenostachys Godr.)
Fresh forages Nassella (Nassella clarazii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of nassella (Nassella clarazii (Ball) Barkworth)
Fresh forages Stipa (Stipa ichu), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of stipa (Stipa ichu (Ruiz & Pav) Kunth)
Fresh forages African signal grass (Brachiaria arrecta), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of african signal grass (Brachiaria arrecta (T.Durand & Schinz) Stent)
Fresh forages Berseem (Trifolium alexandrinum) and oat, fresh Fresh aerial part of berseem (Trifolium alexandrinum L.) and oat (Avena sativa L.)
Fresh forages Needle grama (Chondrosum gracile), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of needle grama (Chondrosum gracile Kunth)
Fresh forages Bristle grass (Aristida sciurus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of bristle grass (Aristida sciurus Stapf)
Fresh forages Broadleaf panicum (Panicum deustum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of broadleaf panicum (Panicum deustum Thunb.)
Fresh forages Canary grass (Phalaris spp.), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of canary grass (Phalaris spp.)
Fresh forages Chrysopogon (Chrysopogon gryllus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of chrysopogon (Chrysopogon gryllus (L.) Trin.)
Fresh forages Common sandbur (Cenchrus spinifex), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of common sandbur (Cenchrus spinifex Cav.)
Fresh forages Common vetch (Vicia sativa) and oat, aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of common vetch (Vicia sativa L.) and oat (Avena sativa L.).
Fresh forages Curly mesquite (Hilaria belangeri), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of curly mesquite (Hilaria belangeri (Steud.) Nash)
Fresh forages Sehima (Sehima galpinii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sehima (Sehima galpinii Stent)
Fresh forages Eragrostis (Eragrostis braunii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of eragrostis (Eragrostis braunii Schweinf.)
Fresh forages Eustachys (Eustachys retusa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of eustachys (Eustachys retusa (Lag.) Kunth)
Fresh forages Chloris (Chloris ciliata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of chloris (Chloris ciliata Sw.)
Fresh forages Panicum (Panicum hallii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of panicum (Panicum hallii Vasey)
Fresh forages Plains bristle grass (Setaria macrostachya), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of plains bristle grass (Setaria macrostachya Kunth)
Fresh forages Purple pigeon grass (Setaria incrassata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of purple pigeon grass (Setaria incrassata (Hochst.) Hack.)
Fresh forages Slim tridens (Tridens muticus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of slim tridens (Tridens muticus (Torr.) Nash)
Fresh forages Sand dropseed (Sporobolus cryptandrus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sand dropseed (Sporobolus cryptandrus (Torr.) A.Gray)
Fresh forages Sorghum x Sudan grass (Sorghum bicolor x Sorghum x drummondii), aerial part, fresh Cross Sorgho (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench) x Sudan grass (Sorghum x drummondii (Steud.) Millsp. & Chas), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Springfield bluestem (Bothriochloa springfieldii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of springfield bluestem (Bothriochloa springfieldii (Gould) Parodi)
Fresh forages Sweet signal grass (Brachiaria eruciformis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sweet signal grass (Brachiaria eruciformis (Sm.) Griseb.)
Fresh forages Themeda (Themeda anathera), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of themeda (Themeda anathera (Nees ex Steud.) Hack.)
Fresh forages Aristida (Aristida adoensis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of aristida (Aristida adoensis Hochst. ex A.Rich.)
Fresh forages Browntop signal grass (Brachiaria fasciculata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of browntop signal grass (Brachiaria fasciculata (Sw.) Parodi)
Fresh forages Cenchrus (Cenchrus mezianus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cenchrus (Cenchrus mezianus (Leeke) Morrone)
Fresh forages Digitaria (Digitaria neghellensis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of digitaria (Digitaria neghellensis J.-P.Lebrun)
Fresh forages Eleusine (Eleusine floccifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of eleusine (Eleusine floccifolia Spreng.)
Fresh forages Eleusine (Eleusine intermedia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of eleusine (Eleusine intermedia (Chiov.) S.M.Phillips)
Fresh forages Eragrostis (Eragrostis papposa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of eragrostis (Eragrostis papposa (Desf. ex Roem. & Schult.) Steud.)
Fresh forages Fine-leaf tussock grass (Poa sieberiana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of fine-leaf tussock grass (Poa sieberiana Spreng.)
Fresh forages Green sprangletop (Disakisperma dubium), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of green sprangletop (Disakisperma dubium (Kunth) P.M. Peterson & N. Snow)
Fresh forages Meadow foxtail (Alopecurus pratensis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of meadow foxtail (Alopecurus pratensis L.)
Fresh forages Meadow ricegrass (Ehrharta stipoides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of meadow ricegrass (Ehrharta stipoides Labill.)
Fresh forages Perennial veldt grass (Ehrharta calycina), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of perennial veldt grass (Ehrharta calycina Sm.)
Fresh forages Pitted beard grass (Bothriochloa macra), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of pitted beard grass (Bothriochloa macra (Steud.) S.T.Blake)
Fresh forages Puccinellia (Puccinellia ciliata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of puccinellia (Puccinellia ciliata Bor)
Fresh forages Rytidosperma (Rytidosperma linkii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of rytidosperma (Rytidosperma linkii (Kunth) Connor & Edgar)
Fresh forages Sea barley (Hordeum marinum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sea barley (Hordeum marinum Huds.)
Fresh forages Bristly foxtail (Setaria verticillata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of bristly foxtail (Setaria verticillata (L.) P. Beauv)
Fresh forages Sideoats grama (Bouteloua curtipendula), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sideoats grama (Bouteloua curtipendula (Michx.) Torr.)
Fresh forages Slender grama (Bouteloua repens), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of slender grama (Bouteloua repens (Kunth) Scribn. & Merr.)
Fresh forages Slender Parramatta grass (Sporobolus elongatus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of slender Parramatta grass (Sporobolus elongatus R. Br.)
Fresh forages Sporobolus (Sporobolus fimbriatus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sporobolus (Sporobolus fimbriatus (Trin.) Nees)
Fresh forages Urelytrum (Urelytrum agropyroides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of urelytrum (Urelytrum agropyroides (Hack.) Hack.)
Fresh forages Ctenium (Ctenium concinnum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ctenium (Ctenium concinnum Nees)
Fresh forages Eragrostis (Eragrostis exasperata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of eragrostis (Eragrostis exasperata Peter)
Fresh forages Eriochloa (Eriochloa meyeriana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of eriochloa (Eriochloa meyeriana (Nees) Pilg.)
Fresh forages Sporobolus (Sporobolus phyllotrichus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sporobolus (Sporobolus phyllotrichus Hochst.)
Fresh forages Tetrapogon (Tetrapogon spathaceus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of tetrapogon (Tetrapogon spathaceus (Hochst.) T. Durand & Schinz)
Fresh forages Tetrapogon (Tetrapogon tenellus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of tetrapogon (Tetrapogon tenellus (J. Koenig ex Roxb.) Chiov.)
Fresh forages Smooth witchgrass (Panicum dichotomiflorum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of smooth witchgrass (Panicum dichotomiflorum Michx.)
Fresh forages Japanese paspalum (Paspalum thunbergii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of japanese paspalum (Paspalum thunbergii Kunth ex Steud.)
Fresh forages Southern crabgrass (Digitaria ciliaris), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of southern crabgrass (Digitaria ciliaris (Retz.) Koeler)
Fresh forages Sporobolus (Sporobolus caespitosus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sporobolus (Sporobolus caespitosus Kunth)
Fresh forages Creeping bent (Agrostis stolonifera), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of creeping bent (Agrostis stolonifera L.)
Fresh forages Quila (Chusquea uliginosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of quila (Chusquea uliginosa Phil.)
Fresh forages Brachiaria (Brachiaria distichophylla), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of brachiaria (Brachiaria distichophylla (Trin.) Stapf)
Fresh forages Sorghastrum (Sorghastrum bipennatum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sorghastrum (Sorghastrum bipennatum (Hack.) Pilg.)
Fresh forages Euclasta (Euclasta condylotricha), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of euclasta (Euclasta condylotricha (Hochst. ex Steud.) Stapf)
Fresh forages Mnesithea (Mnesithea granularis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of mnesithea (Mnesithea granularis (L.) de Koning & Sosef)
Fresh forages Rhytachne (Rhytachne triaristata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of rhytachne (Rhytachne triaristata (Steud.) Stapf)
Fresh forages Ampelocissus (Ampelocissus africana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ampelocissus (Ampelocissus africana (Lour.) Merr.)
Fresh forages Sida (Sida urens), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sida (Sida urens L.)
Fresh forages Aristida (Aristida mendocina), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of aristida (Aristida mendocina Phil.)
Fresh forages Distichlis (Distichlis spicata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of distichlis (Distichlis spicata (L.) Greene)
Fresh forages Distichlis (Distichlis scoparia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of distichlis (Distichlis scoparia (Kunth) Arechav.)
Fresh forages Setaria (Setaria pampeana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of setaria (Setaria pampeana Parodi ex Nicora)
Fresh forages Pappophorum (Pappophorum philippianum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of pappophorum (Pappophorum philippianum Parodi)
Fresh forages Gouinia (Gouinia paraguayensis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of gouinia (Gouinia paraguayensis (Kuntze) Parodi)
Fresh forages Chloris (Chloris castilloniana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of chloris (Chloris castilloniana Lillo & Parodi)
Fresh forages Pappophorum (Pappophorum krapovickasii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of pappophorum (Pappophorum krapovickasii Roseng.)
Fresh forages Grassland, grass and legumes, fresh Fresh aerial part of grassland, mix of grasses and legumes
Fresh forages Alfalfa and white clover, aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.) and white clover (Trifolium repens L.).
Fresh forages Grass, natural grassland, old, fresh Fresh aerial part of grass from natural grassland,ancienne
Fresh forages Grassland, perennial ryegrass, white clover and red clover, fresh Fresh aerial part of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), white clover (Trifolium repens L.), red clover (Trifolium pratense L.).
Fresh forages Grassland, fescue, perennial ray-grass, white clover, red clover, fresh Fresh aerial part of grass, fescue (Fescue spp. L.), perennial raygrass (Lolium perenne L.), white clover (Trifolium repens L.), red clover (Trifolium pratense L.),
Fresh forages Grassland, Italian ryegrass, alfalfa, white clover, red clover, fresh Fresh aerial part of grass from natural grassland and Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.), alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), white clover (Trifolium repense L.), red clover (Trifolium pratense L.)
Fresh forages Grassland, grass, alfalfa, white clover, red clover, chicory, fresh Fresh grassland with grass, alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), white clover (Trifolium repense L.), red clover (Trifolium pratense L.), chicory (Cichorium intybus L.).
Fresh forages Grassland, ryegrass, white clover, red clover, fresh Fresh aerial part of ryegrass (Lolium spp. L.), white clover (Trifolium repens L.), red clover (Trifolium pratense L.).
Fresh forages Grassland, ryegrass, white clover, red clover, fresh, freeze-dried Fresh aerial part of ryegrass (Lolium spp. L.), white clover (Trifolium repens L.), red clover (Trifolium pratense L.), , freeze-dried
Fresh forages Ryegrass (Lolium spp.), aerial part, fresh, freeze-dried Fresh aerial part of ryegrass (Lolium spp.), freeze-dried
Fresh forages Grassland, fescue, perennial ray-grass, white clover, red clover, fresh [8626] Fresh aerial part of grass, fescue (Fescue spp. L.), white clover (Trifolium repens L.), red clover (Trifolium pratense L.),
Fresh forages Sesban (Sesbania sesban), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sesban (Sesbania sesban (L.) Merr. Nubia).
Fresh forages Common bean (Phasolus vulgaris), crop byproduct, fresh Fresh aerial part of common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.), probably consisting of cannery byproducts : leaves, stalks, empty pods.
Fresh forages Common bean (Phasolus vulgaris) and grass, crop byproduct, fresh Fresh aerial part of common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) and other unspecified plants (grasses), probably consisting of cannery byproducts : leaves, stalks, empty pods.
Fresh forages Pea, garden, crop byproduct, fresh Fresh aerial part of garden pea (Pisum sativum L.). This is a crop residue probably consisting of leaves, stalks and empty pods.
Fresh forages Pea, garden, aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of garden pea (Pisum sativum L.).
Fresh forages Alfalfa, aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.)
Fresh forages Persian clover (Trifolium resupinatum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of Persian clover (Trifolium resupinatum L.).
Fresh forages Berseem (Trifolium alexandrinum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of berseem (Trifolium alexandrinum L.). Benseem is a Mediterranean legume.
Fresh forages Sainfoin (Onobrychis viciifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sainfoin (Onobrychis viciifolia Scop.).
Fresh forages Jack bean (Canavalia ensiformis), leaves, fresh Fresh jack bean leaf (Canavalia ensiformis (L.) DC.)
Fresh forages Pea, feed type, aerial part, fresh, immature pods Fresh aerial part of pea (Pisum sativum L.) of feed type varieties, harvested before pod maturity.
Fresh forages Pea, feed type, leaves, fresh, immature pods Fresh pea leaf (Pisum sativum L.), harvested when the pods are immature.
Fresh forages Pea, feed type, stalk, fresh, immature pods Fresh pea stalks (Pisum sativum L.) of feed type varieties, harvested before pod maturity.
Fresh forages Pea, feed type, aerial part, fresh, mature pods Fresh aerial part of pea (Pisum sativum L.) of feed type varieties, harvested at pod maturity.
Fresh forages Pea, feed type, leaves, fresh, mature pods Fresh pea leaf (Pisum sativum L.), harvested when the pods are mature.
Fresh forages Pea, feed type, stalk, fresh, mature pods Fresh pea stalks (Pisum sativum L.) of feed type varieties, harvested at pod maturity.
Fresh forages Calliandra (Calliandra calothyrsus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of calliandra (Calliandra calothyrsus Meisn.)
Fresh forages Centro (Centrosema molle), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of centro (Centrosema molle Mart ex Benth.). The centro is a leguminous voluble herb used as fodder in Asia.
Fresh forages Alfalfa, fresh, 2nd cut Fresh aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), 2nd cut.
Fresh forages Red clover, aerial part, fresh, 1st cut Fresh aerial part of red clover (Trifolium pratense L.), 1st cut.
Fresh forages Red clover, aerial part, fresh, 2nd cut Fresh aerial part of red clover (Trifolium pratense L.), 2nd cut.
Fresh forages Red clover, aerial part, fresh, 3rd cut Fresh aerial part of red clover (Trifolium pratense L.), 3rd cut.
Fresh forages Alfalfa, fresh, 1st cut Fresh aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), 1st cut.
Fresh forages Alfalfa, fresh, 3rd cut Fresh aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), 3rd cut.
Fresh forages Alfalfa, fresh, 4th cut Fresh aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), 4th cut.
Fresh forages Alfalfa, fresh, 1st cut, early flowering Fresh aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), 1st cut, harvested before flowering.
Fresh forages Alfalfa, fresh, 1st cut, flowering Fresh aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), 1st cut, harvested at flowering.
Fresh forages White clover, aerial part, fresh, 1st cut, vegetative Fresh aerial part of white clover (Trifolium repens L.), 1st cut, vegetative.
Fresh forages White clover, aerial part, fresh, 2nd cut, 4-5 weeks Fresh aerial part of white clover (Trifolium repens L.), 2nd cut, harvested at 4-5 weeks.
Fresh forages White clover, aerial part, fresh, 2nd cut, early flowering Fresh aerial part of white clover (Trifolium repens L.), 2nd cut, harvested at the beginning of flowering.
Fresh forages White clover, aerial part, fresh, 4th cut, 4-5 weeks Fresh aerial part of white clover (Trifolium repens L.), 4th cut, harvested at 4-5 weeks.
Fresh forages White clover, aerial part, fresh, 4th cut, early flowering Fresh aerial part of white clover (Trifolium repens L.), 4th cut, harvested at the beginning of flowering.
Fresh forages Faba bean, aerial part, early flowering, fresh Fresh aerial part of faba bean (Vicia faba L.), harvested at the beginning of flowering.
Fresh forages Faba bean, aerial part, flowering, fresh Fresh aerial part of faba bean (Vicia faba L.), harvested at flowering.
Fresh forages Faba bean, aerial part, pods formation, fresh Fresh aerial part of faba bean (Vicia faba L.), harvested at the pod formation.
Fresh forages Faba bean, aerial part, seed maturity, fresh Fresh aerial part of faba bean (Vicia faba L.), harvested at seed maturity.
Fresh forages White clover, aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of white clover (Trifolium repens L.).
Fresh forages White lupin (Lupinus albus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of white lupin (Lupinus albus L.).
Fresh forages Alfalfa, fresh, 1st cut, vegetative Fresh aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), 1st cut, vegetative.
Fresh forages Birdsfoot trefoil (Lotus corniculatus), aerial part, vegetative, fresh Fresh aerial part of lotus (Lotus corniculatus L.), vegetative.
Fresh forages Red clover aerial part, fresh, vegetative Fresh aerial part of red clover (Trifolium pratense L.), vegetative.
Fresh forages Birdsfoot trefoil (Lotus corniculatus), aerial part, early flowering, fresh Fresh aerial part of birdsfoot trefoil (Lotus corniculatus L.), harvested at the beginning of flowering.
Fresh forages Birdsfoot trefoil (Lotus corniculatus), aerial part, flowering, fresh Fresh aerial part of birdsfoot trefoil (Lotus corniculatus L.), harvested at flowering.
Fresh forages Red clover, aerial part, fresh, early flowering Fresh aerial part of red clover (Trifolium pratense L.), harvested at the beginning of flowering.
Fresh forages Red clover, aerial part, fresh, flowering. Fresh aerial part of red clover (Trifolium pratense L.), harvested at flowering.
Fresh forages Faba bean byproduct, fresh Fresh byproduct of faba bean (Vicia faba L.) harvest or transformation, consisting problably of aerial parts and seeds.
Fresh forages Soybean, aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of soybean (Glycine max (L.) Merr.).
Fresh forages Red clover, aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of red clover (Trifolium pratense L.).
Fresh forages White clover, aerial part, fresh, 1st cut Fresh aerial part of white clover (Trifolium repens L.), 1st cut
Fresh forages White clover, aerial part, fresh, 2nd cut Fresh aerial part of white clover (Trifolium repens L.), 2nd cut
Fresh forages White clover, aerial part, fresh, 3rd cut Fresh aerial part of white clover (Trifolium repens L.), 3rd cut
Fresh forages Ricebean (Vigna umbellata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ricebean (Vigna umbellata (Thunb.) Ohwi & Ohashi),
Fresh forages Amblygonocarpus (Amblygonocarpus andongensis), aerial part, fresh Amblygonocarpus (Amblygonocarpus andongensis ((Oliver) Exell & Torre)), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Japanese tea (Chamaecrista mimosoides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of japanese tea (Chamaecrista mimosoides (L.) Greene)  (often Cassia mimosoides L.)
Fresh forages Butterfly pea (Clitoria ternatea), aerial part, fresh Butterfly pea (Clitoria ternatea L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Dwarf koa (Desmanthus virgatus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of dwarf koa (Desmanthus virgatus (L.) Willd.)
Fresh forages Desmodium (Desmodium asperum), aerial part, fresh Desmodium (Desmodium asperum Desv.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Desmodium (Desmodium hirtum), aerial part, fresh Desmodium (Desmodium hirtum Guill. & Perr.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Desmodium (Desmodium incanum), aerial part, fresh Desmodium (Desmodium incanum DC.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Greenleaf desmodium (Desmodium intortum), aerial part, fresh Greenleaf desmodium (Desmodium intortum (Mill.) Fawc. & Rendle), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Greenleaf desmodium (Desmodium intortum), stems, fresh Greenleaf desmodium (Desmodium intortum (Mill.) Fawc. & Rendle), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Desmodium (Desmodium heterocarpon subsp. ovalifolium), aerial part, fresh Desmodium (Desmodium heterocarpon (L.) DC subsp. ovalifolium (Prain) H. Ohashi), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Desmodium (Desmodium heterocarpon subsp. ovalifolium), stems, fresh Desmodium (Desmodium heterocarpon (L.) DC subsp. ovalifolium (Prain) H. Ohashi), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Desmodium (Desmodium tortuosum (Sw.) DC.), aerial part, fresh Desmodium (Desmodium tortuosum), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Three flower beggarweed (Desmodium triflorum), aerial part, fresh Three flower beggarweed (Desmodium triflorum (L.) DC.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Silverleaf desmodium (Desmodium uncinatum), aerial part, fresh Silverleaf desmodium (Desmodium uncinatum (Jacq.) DC.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Silverleaf desmodium (Desmodium uncinatum), flowers, fresh Silverleaf desmodium (Desmodium uncinatum (Jacq.) DC.), flowers, fresh
Fresh forages Desmodium (Desmodium velutinum), aerial part, fresh Desmodium (Desmodium velutinum (Willd.) DC.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Sicklebush (Dichrostachys cinerea), aerial part, fresh Sicklebush (Dichrostachys cinerea (L.) Wight & Arn.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Sicklebush (Dichrostachys cinerea), stems, fresh Sicklebush (Dichrostachys cinerea (L.) Wight & Arn.), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Entada (Entada abyssinica), aerial part, fresh Entada (Entada abyssinica A. Rich.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Entada (Entada abyssinica), stems, fresh Entada (Entada abyssinica A. Rich.), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Entada (Entada phaseoloides), aerial part, fresh Entada (Entada phaseoloides (L.) Merr.), leaves and stems, fresh
Fresh forages Entada (Entada wahlbergii), leaves, fresh Entada (Entada wahlbergii Harvey), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Indigofera (Indigofera astragalina), aerial part, fresh Indigo (Indigofera astragalina DC.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Indigo (Indigofera aspera), aerial part, fresh Indigo (Indigofera aspera DC.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Indigo (Indigofera oblongifolia), leaves, fresh Indigo (Indigofera oblongifolia Forssk.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Indigo (Indigofera pilosa), aerial part, fresh Indigo (Indigofera pilosa Poir.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Indigo (Indigofera secundiflora), aerial part, fresh Indigo (Indigofera secundiflora Poir.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Indigo (Indigofera semitrijuga), aerial part, fresh Indigo (Indigofera semitrijuga Forssk.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Indigofera (Indigofera spinosa), aerial part, fresh Indigo (Indigofera spinosa Forssk.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Alfalfa, stems, fresh Alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Siratro (Macroptilium atropurpureum), aerial part, fresh Siratro (Macroptilium atropurpureum (DC.) Urb.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Siratro (Macroptilium atropurpureum), stems, fresh Siratro (Macroptilium atropurpureum (DC.) Urb.), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Phasey bean (Macroptilium lathyroides), stems, fresh Phasey bean (Macroptilium lathyroides (L.) Urban), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Medic (Medicago laciniata), aerial part, fresh Medic (Medicago laciniata (L.) Miller), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Cowpea (Vigna unguiculata), leaves, fresh Cowpea (Vigna unguiculata (L.) Walp.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Cowpea (Vigna unguiculata), aerial part, fresh Cowpea (Vigna unguiculata (L.) Walp.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Cowpea (Vigna unguiculata), stems, fresh Cowpea (Vigna unguiculata (L.) Walp.), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Piliostigma (Piliostigma spp.), leaves, fresh Piliostigma (Piliostigma spp.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Piliostigma (Piliostigma thonningii), branches, fresh Piliostigma (Piliostigma thonningii (Schum.) Milne-Redh), branches, fresh
Fresh forages Piliostigma (Piliostigma thonningii), aerial part, fresh Piliostigma (Piliostigma thonningii (Schum.) Milne-Redh), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Piliostigma (Bauhinia thonningii), flowers, fresh Piliostigma (Piliostigma thonningii (Schum.) Milne-Redh), flowers, fresh
Fresh forages Piliostigma (Piliostigma thonningii), stems, fresh Piliostigma (Piliostigma thonningii (Schum.) Milne-Redh), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Cajan pea (Cajanus cajan), aerial part, fresh Cajan pea (Cajanus cajan), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Sesban (Sesbania spp.), leaflets, fresh Sesban (Sesbania spp.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Agati (Sesbania grandiflora), aerial part, fresh Agati (Sesbania grandiflora (L.) Pers.), leaves and stems, fresh
Fresh forages Sesban (Sesbania rostrata), aerial part, fresh Sesban (Sesbania rostrata Bremek. & Oberm.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Sesban (Sesbania rostrata), branches, fresh Sesban (Sesbania rostrata Bremek. & Oberm.), branches, fresh
Fresh forages Sesban (Sesbania rostrata), stems, fresh Sesban (Sesbania rostrata Bremek. & Oberm.), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Stylo (Stylosanthes erecta), aerial part, fresh Stylo (Stylosanthes erecta P. Beauv.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages African stylo (Stylosanthes fruticosa), aerial part, fresh African stylo (Stylosanthes fruticosa (Retz.) Alston), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Stylo (Stylosanthes guianensis), aerial part, fresh Stylo (Stylosanthes guianensis (Aublet) Sw.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Stylo (Stylosanthes guianensis), stems, fresh Stylo (Stylosanthes guianensis (Aublet) Sw.), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Caribbean stylo (Stylosanthes hamata), aerial part, fresh Caribbean stylo (Stylosanthes hamata (L.) Taubert), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Townsville stylo (Stylosanthes humilis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of townsville stylo (Stylosanthes humilis (Kunth) Hester)
Fresh forages Townsville stylo (Stylosanthes humilis), flowers, fresh Townsville stylo (Stylosanthes humilis (Kunth) Hester), flowers, fresh
Fresh forages Tephrosia (Tephrosia bracteolata), aerial part, fresh Tephrosia (Tephrosia bracteolata Guill. & Perr.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Tephrosia (Tephrosia bracteolata), branches, fresh Tephrosia (Tephrosia bracteolata Guill. & Perr.), branches, fresh
Fresh forages Tephrosia (Tephrosia bracteolata), leaves and pods, fresh Tephrosia (Tephrosia bracteolata Guill. & Perr.), leaves and pods, fresh
Fresh forages Tephrosia (Tephrosia flexuosa), aerial part, fresh Tephrosia (Tephrosia flexuosa G. Don.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Tephrosia (Tephrosia linearis), aerial part, fresh Tephrosia (Tephrosia linearis (Willd.) Pers.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Tephrosia (Tephrosia linearis), tips and fruits, fresh Tephrosia (Tephrosia linearis (Willd.) Pers. ), tips and fruits, fresh
Fresh forages Tephrosia (Tephrosia lupinifolia), leaves, fresh Tephrosia (Tephrosia lupinifolia DC.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Tephrosia (Tephrosia lupinifolia DC.), aerial part, fresh Tephrosia (Tephrosia lupinifolia), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Tephrosia (Tephrosia pedicellata), aerial part, fresh Tephrosia (Tephrosia pedicellata Baker), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Ahuhu (Tephrosia purpurea), aerial part, fresh Ahuhu (Tephrosia purpurea (L.) Pers.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Butterfly pea (Clitoria ternatea), stems, fresh Butterfly pea (Clitoria ternatea L.), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Galega (Galega orientalis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of galega (Galega orientalis Lam.).
Fresh forages Alfalfa and Italian ryegrass, fresh Fresh aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.) and Italian ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum Lam.).
Fresh forages Pinto peanut (Arachis pintoi), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of pinto peanut (Arachis pintoi Krapov. & W.C. Greg.)
Fresh forages Sweet clover (Melilotus officinalis), aerial part, fresh, seed formation Fresh aerial part of sweet clover (Melilotus officinalis Lam.), harvested at seed formation
Fresh forages Sweet clover (Melilotus officinalis), aerial part, fresh, early flowering Fresh aerial part of sweet clover (Melilotus officinalis Lam.), harvested at early flowering
Fresh forages Sweet clover (Melilotus officinalis), aerial part, fresh, flowering Fresh aerial part of sweet clover (Melilotus officinalis Lam.), harvested at early flowering
Fresh forages Sweet clover (Melilotus officinalis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sweet clover (Melilotus officinalis Lam.).
Fresh forages Sweet clover (Melilotus officinalis) silage Fresh aerial part of sweet clover (Melilotus officinalis Lam.).
Fresh forages Chick vetch (Lathyrus cicera), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of chick gess (Lathyrus cicera L.). In Portugese : gramicha.
Fresh forages Ochre vetch (Lathyrus ochrus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ochre vetch (Lathyrus ochrus DC.).
Fresh forages Pea, aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of pea (Pisum sativum L.).
Fresh forages Hairy vetch (Vicia villosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of hairy vetch (Vicia villosa Roth).
Fresh forages Grass pea (Lathyrus sativus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of grass pea (Lathyrus sativus L.).
Fresh forages Purple vetch (Vicia benghalensis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of purple vetch (Vicia benghalensis L.).
Fresh forages Faba bean, aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of faba bean (Vicia faba L.)
Fresh forages Alfalfa, flowering, fresh Fresh aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.) harvested at flowering.
Fresh forages Alfalfa, seed formation, fresh Fresh aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.) harvested at seed formation.
Fresh forages Alfalfa, fresh, early flowering Fresh aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), 1st cut, harvested at early flowering.
Fresh forages Tree medick (Medicago arborea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of tree medick (Medicago arborea L.).
Fresh forages Serradella (Ornithopus sativus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of serradella (Ornithopus sativus Brot.).
Fresh forages Sulla (Hedysarum coronarium) aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sulla (Hedysarum coronarium L.).
Fresh forages Lupin, aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of lupin (Lupinus spp.).
Fresh forages Golden clover (Trifolium aureum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of golden clover (Trifolium aureum Pollich).
Fresh forages White clover, aerial part, fresh, early flowering Fresh aerial part of white clover (Trifolium repens L.), harvested at the beginning of flowering.
Fresh forages White clover and strawberry clover (Trifolium fragiferum), fresh Fresh aerial part of white clover (Trifolium repens L.) and strawberry clover (Trifolium fragiferum L.).
Fresh forages Persian clover (Trifolium resupinatum), aerial part, fresh, flowering Fresh aerial part of Persian clover (Trifolium resupinatum L.).
Fresh forages Strawberry clover (Trifolium fragiferum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of strawberry clover (Trifolium fragiferum L.)
Fresh forages Strawberry clover (Trifolium fragiferum), aerial part, fresh, early flowering Fresh aerial part of strawberry clover (Trifolium fragiferum L.).
Fresh forages Alfalfa and strawberry clover (Trifolium fragiferum) , fresh Fresh aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.) and strawberry clover (Trifolium fragiferum L.).
Fresh forages Subclover (Trifolium subterraneum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of subclover (Trifolium subterraneum L.).
Fresh forages Persian clover (Trifolium resupinatum), aerial part, fresh, seed formation Fresh aerial part of Persian clover (Trifolium resupinatum L.).
Fresh forages Persian clover (Trifolium resupinatum), aerial part, fresh, early flowering Fresh aerial part of Persian clover (Trifolium resupinatum L.).
Fresh forages Creeping indigo (Indigofera spicata), aerial part, fresh Creeping indigo (Indigofera spicata Forssk.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Lotononis (Lotononis bainesii), aerial part, fresh Lotononis (Lotononis bainesii Baker), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Birdsfoot trefoil (Lotus corniculatus), aerial part, fresh Birdsfoot trefoil (Lotus corniculatus L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Bur clover (Medicago polymorpha), aerial part, fresh Bur clover (Medicago polymorpha L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Barrel medic (Medicago truncatula), aerial part, fresh Barrel medic (Medicago truncatula Gaertn.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Sour clover (Melilotus indicus), aerial part, fresh Sour clover (Melilotus indicus (L.) All.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Giant sensitive (Mimosa invisa), aerial part, fresh Giant sensitive (Mimosa invisa Colla), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Crimson clover (Trifolium incarnatum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of crimson clover (Trifolium incarnatum L.)
Fresh forages Narbonne vetch (Vicia narbonensis), aerial part, fresh Narbonne vetch (Vicia narbonensis L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Common vetch (Vicia sativa), aerial part, fresh Common vetch (Vicia sativa L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Black gram (Vigna mungo), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of black gram (Vigna mungo (L.) Hepper)
Fresh forages Cratylia (Cratylia argentea), aerial part, fresh Cratylia (Cratylia argentea (Desv.) Kuntze), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Flemingia (Flemingia macrophylla), aerial part, fresh Flemingia (Flemingia macrophylla (Willd.) Merr.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Centro (Centrosema molle), leaves, fresh Centro (Centrosema molle Mart. ex Benth.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Sensitive (Mimosa pudica), aerial part, fresh Sensitive (Mimosa pudica L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Clitoria (Clitoria fairchildiana), aerial part, fresh Clitoria (Clitoria fairchildiana R. A. Howard), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Gliricidia (Gliricidia maculata), aerial part, fresh Gliricidia (Gliricidia maculata (Kunth) Kunth), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Sesban (Sesbania bispinosa), aerial part, fresh Sesban (Sesbania bispinosa (Jacq.) W.F. Wight), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Centro (Centrosema brasilianum), aerial part, fresh Centro (Centrosema brasilianum (L.) Benth.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Himalayan indigo (Indigofera heterantha), leaves, fresh Himalayan indigo (Indigofera heterantha Wall.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Big trefoil (Lotus pedunculatus), aerial part, fresh Big trefoil (Lotus pedunculatus Cav.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Canary clover (Dorycnium rectum), aerial part, fresh Canary clover (Dorycnium rectum (L.) Ser.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Hairy canary clover (Dorycnium hirsutum), aerial part, fresh Hairy canary clover (Dorycnium hirsutum (L.) Ser.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Narrow leaf birdsfoot trefoil (Lotus tenuis), aerial part, fresh Narrow leaf birdsfoot trefoil (Lotus tenuis Waldst. & Kit. ex Willd.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Garden lupin (Lupinus polyphyllus), aerial part, fresh Garden lupin (Lupinus polyphyllus Lindl.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Perennial peanut (Arachis glabrata), aerial part, fresh Perennial peanut (Arachis glabrata Benth.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Crotalaria (Crotalaria ochroleuca), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of crotalaria (Crotalaria ochroleuca G. Don)
Fresh forages African winged bean (Psophocarpus scandens), leaves, fresh African winged bean (Psophocarpus scandens (Endl.) Verdc.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Centurion (Centrosema pascuorum), aerial part, fresh Centurion (Centrosema pascuorum Mart. ex Benth.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Chachafruto (Erythrina edulis), aerial part, fresh Chachafruto (Erythrina edulis Triana), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Coral bean (Erythrina fusca), aerial part, fresh Coral bean (Erythrina fusca Lour.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Guamo (Inga spectabilis), leaves, fresh Guamo (Inga spectabilis (Vahl) Willd.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Mimosa (Mimosa pigra), aerial part, fresh Mimosa (Mimosa pigra L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Kikar (Vachellia leucophloea), leaves, fresh Kikar (Vachellia leucophloea (Roxb.) Maslin et al.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Alfalfa, fresh, subsaharan Africa Fresh aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), from subsaharan Africa, of unknown cut number and maturity stage.
Fresh forages Pink clover (Erodium cicutarium), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of pink clover (Erodium cicutarium (L.) L'Hér.)
Fresh forages Pea vetch (Lathyrus clymenum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of pea vetch (Lathyrus clymenum L.)
Fresh forages Yellow lupin (Lupinus luteus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of yellow lupin (Lupinus luteus L.).
Fresh forages Sweet clover (Melilotus segetalis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sweet clover (Melilotus segetalis (Brot.) Ser.)
Fresh forages Bitumen trefoil (Bituminaria bituminosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of bitumen trefoil (Bituminaria bituminosa (L.) Stirton)
Fresh forages Squarrose clover (Trifolium squarrosum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of squarrose clover (Trifolium squarrosum L.)
Fresh forages Bitter vetch (Vicia ervilia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of bitter vetch (Vicia ervilia Willd.)
Fresh forages Monantha vetch (Vicia monantha), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of monantha vetch (Vicia monantha Retz.)
Fresh forages Chickpea (Cicer arietinum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of chickpea (Cicer arietinum L.)
Fresh forages Sunn hemp (Crotalaria juncea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sunn hemp (Crotalaria juncea L.)
Fresh forages Moth bean (Vigna aconitifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of moth bean (Vigna aconitifolia (Jacq.) Marechal)
Fresh forages Crotalaria (Crotalaria arenaria), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of crotalaria (Crotalaria arenaria Benth.)
Fresh forages Crotalaria (Crotalaria atrorubens), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of crotalaria (Crotalaria atrorubens Benth.)
Fresh forages Indigo (Indigofera hirsuta), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of indigo (Indigofera hirsuta L.)
Fresh forages Sesban (Sesbania leptocarpa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sesbania (Sesbania leptocarpa DC.)
Fresh forages Crotalaria (Crotalaria macrocalyxa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of crotalaria (Crotalaria macrocalyx Benth.)
Fresh forages Requienia (Requienia obcordata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of requienia (Requienia obcordata (Poir.) DC.)
Fresh forages Indigofera (Indigofera diphylla), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of indigo (Indigofera diphylla Vent.)
Fresh forages Chamaecrista (Chamaecrista nigricans), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of chamaecrista (Chamaecrista nigricans (Vahl) Greene)
Fresh forages Lespedeza (Lespedeza juncea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of lespedeza (Lespedeza juncea (L.f.) Pers.)
Fresh forages Korean lespedeza (Kummerowia stipulacea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of korean lespedeza (Kummerowia stipulacea (Maxim.) Makino)
Fresh forages Striate lespedeza (Kummerowia striata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of striate lespedeza (Kummerowia striata (Thunb.) Schindl.)
Fresh forages Phasey bean (Macroptilium lathyroides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of phasey bean (Macroptilium lathyroides (L.) Urban)
Fresh forages Samoan clover (Desmodium scorpiurus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of samoan clover (Desmodium scorpiurus (Sw.) Desv.)
Fresh forages Indigo (Indigofera suffruticosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of indigo (Indigofera suffruticosa Mill.)
Fresh forages Rhynchosia (Rhynchosia minima), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of rhynchosia (Rhynchosia minima (L.) DC.)
Fresh forages Teramnus (Teramnus volubilis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of teramnus (Teramnus volubilis Sw.)
Fresh forages Adzuki (Vigna angularis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of adzuki (Vigna angularis (Willd.) Ohwi & Ohashi)
Fresh forages Adenodolichos (Adenodolichos paniculatus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of adenodolichos (Adenodolichos paniculatus (Hua) Hutch.)
Fresh forages Dendrolobium (Dendrolobium triangulare), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of dendrolobium (Dendrolobium triangulare (Retz.) Schindl.)
Fresh forages Senna (Senna didymobotrya), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of senna (Senna didymobotrya (Fresen.) H.S.Irwin & Barneby)
Fresh forages Senna (Senna bicapsularis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of senna (Senna bicapsularis (L.) Roxb.)
Fresh forages Black medic (Medicago lupulina), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of black medic (Medicago lupulina L.)
Fresh forages Gama medic (Medicago rugosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of gama medic (Medicago rugosa Desr.)
Fresh forages Gama medic (Medicago murex), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of gama medic (Medicago murex Willd.)
Fresh forages Snail medic (Medicago scutellata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of snail medic (Medicago scutellata (L.) Mill.)
Fresh forages Yellow alfalfa (Medicago falcata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of yellow alfalfa (Medicago falcata L.)
Fresh forages Stylo (Stylosanthes scabra), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of stylo (Stylosanthes scabra Vogel)
Fresh forages Ormocarpum (Ormocarpum trichocarpum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ormocarpum (Ormocarpum trichocarpum (Taub.) Engl.)
Fresh forages Desmodium (Desmodium pabulare), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of desmodium (Desmodium pabulare Hoehne)
Fresh forages Desmodium (Desmodium discolor), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of desmodium (Desmodium discolor Vogel)
Fresh forages Black gram (Vigna mungo), haulm Black gram (Vigna mungo (L.) Hepper), haulm
Fresh forages Spatholobus (Spatholobus spp.), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of spatholobus (Spatholobus spp.)
Fresh forages Rueppell's clover (Trifolium rueppellianum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of rueppell's clover (Trifolium rueppellianum Fresen.)
Fresh forages African clover (Trifolium tembense), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of african clover (Trifolium tembense Fres.)
Fresh forages Steudner's clover (Trifolium steudneri), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of Steudner's clover (Trifolium steudneri Schweinf.)
Fresh forages Quartin's clover (Trifolium quartinianum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of Quartin's clover (Trifolium quartinianum A.Rich.)
Fresh forages Clover (Trifolium bilineatum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of clover (Trifolium bilineatum Fresen.)
Fresh forages Barbadinho (Desmodium barbatum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of barbadinho (Desmodium barbatum (L.) Benth)
Fresh forages Bengal indigo (Indigofera arrecta), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of Bengal indigo (Indigofera arrecta A.Rich.)
Fresh forages Kotschya (Kotschya africana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of kotschya (Kotschya africana Endl.)
Fresh forages Millettia (Millettia dura), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of millettia (Millettia dura Dunn)
Fresh forages Neorautanenia (Neorautanenia mitis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of neorautanenia (Neorautanenia mitis (A.Rich.) Verdc.)
Fresh forages Calicotome (Calicotome spp.), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of calicotome (Calicotome spp.)
Fresh forages Crotalaria (Crotalaria spp.), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of crotalaria (Crotalaria spp.)
Fresh forages Hairy cowpea (Vigna luteola), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of hairy cowpea (Vigna luteola (Jacq.) Benth.)
Fresh forages Shackshack (Crotalaria incana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of shackshack (Crotalaria incana L.)
Fresh forages Slenderleaf (Crotalaria brevidens), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of slenderleaf (Crotalaria brevidens Benth.)
Fresh forages Jack bean (Canavalia ensiformis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of jack bean (Canavalia ensiformis (L.) DC.)
Fresh forages African yam bean (Sphenostylis stenocarpa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of african yam bean (Sphenostylis stenocarpa (Hochst. ex A. Rich.) Harms)
Fresh forages Bambara groundnut (Vigna subterranea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of bambara groundnut (Vigna subterranea (L.) Verdc.)
Fresh forages Cathormion (Cathormion umbellatum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cathormion (Cathormion umbellatum (Vahl) Kosterm.)
Fresh forages Centro (Centrosema macrocarpum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of centro (Centrosema macrocarpum Benth.)
Fresh forages Crotalaria (Crotalaria goreensis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of crotalaria (Crotalaria goreensis Guill. & Perr.)
Fresh forages Crotalaria (Crotalaria senegalensis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of crotalaria (Crotalaria senegalensis (Pers.) DC.)
Fresh forages Entada (Entada africana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of entada (Entada africana Guill. & Perr.)
Fresh forages Erythrina (Erythrina abyssinica), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of erythrina (Erythrina abyssinica DC.)
Fresh forages Flemingia (Flemingia macrophylla), aerial part, dry Flemingia (Flemingia macrophylla (Willd.) Merr.), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Galactia (Galactia striata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of galactia (Galactia striata (Jacq.) Urb.)
Fresh forages Lance crotalaria (Crotalaria lanceolata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of lance crotalaria (Crotalaria lanceolata E.Mey.)
Fresh forages Lima bean (Phaseolus lunatus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of lima bean (Phaseolus lunatus L.)
Fresh forages Lysiloma (Lysiloma watsonii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of lysiloma (Lysiloma watsonii Rose)
Fresh forages Medick (Medicago ruthenica), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of medick (Medicago ruthenica (L.) Ledeb.)
Fresh forages Oxytropis (Oxytropis ochrocephala), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of oxytropis (Oxytropis ochrocephala Bunge)
Fresh forages Cajan pea (Cajanus scarabaeoides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cajan pea (Cajanus scarabaeoides (L.) Thouars)
Fresh forages Crotalaria (Crotalaria pallida), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of crotalaria (Crotalaria pallida Aiton)
Fresh forages Stylo (Stylosanthes capitata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of stylo (Stylosanthes capitata Vogel)
Fresh forages Sword bean (Canavalia gladiata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sword bean (Canavalia gladiata (Jacq.) DC.)
Fresh forages Wild cowpea (Vigna vexillata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of wild cowpea (Vigna vexillata (L.) A. Rich.)
Fresh forages Zornia (Zornia diphylla), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of zornia (Zornia diphylla (L.) Pers.)
Fresh forages Zornia (Zornia latifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of zornia (Zornia latifolia Sm.)
Fresh forages Balansa clover (Trifolium michelianum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of balansa clover (Trifolium michelianum Savi)
Fresh forages Bastard indigobush (Amorpha fruticosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of bastard indigobush (Amorpha fruticosa L.)
Fresh forages Desmodium (Desmodium distortum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of desmodium (Desmodium distortum (Aubl.) J.F.Macbr.)
Fresh forages Mucuna (Mucuna poggei), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of mucuna (Mucuna poggei Taub.)
Fresh forages Partridge pea (Chamaecrista fasciculata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of partridge pea (Chamaecrista fasciculata (Michx.) Greene)
Fresh forages Tephrosia (Tephrosia cinerea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of tephrosia (Tephrosia cinerea (L.) Pers.)
Fresh forages Calopo (Calopogonium caeruleum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of calopo (Calopogonium caeruleum (Benth.) Sauvalle)
Fresh forages Indigo (Indigofera aspalathoides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of indigo (Indigofera aspalathoides DC.)
Fresh forages Jack bean (Canavalia rosea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of jack bean (Canavalia rosea (Sw.) DC.)
Fresh forages Blue lupin (Lupin angustifolius), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of blue lupin (Lupin angustifolius L.)
Fresh forages Galega (Galega lindblomii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of galega (Galega lindblomii (Harms) J. B. Gillett)
Fresh forages Alfalfa, aerial part, fresh, organic Fresh aerial part of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), obtained by organic farming
Fresh forages Indian joint-vetch (Aeschynomene indica), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of indian joint-vetch (Aeschynomene indica L.)
Fresh forages Lotononis (Lotononis divaricata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of lotononis (Lotononis divaricata (Eckl. & Zeyh.) Benth.)
Fresh forages Lessertia (Lessertia microphylla), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of lessertia (Lessertia microphylla (Burch. ex DC.) Goldblatt & J. C. Manning)
Fresh forages Perennial peanut (Arachis glabrata), aerial part, dry Perennial peanut (Arachis glabrata Benth.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Ciliate medick (Medicago ciliaris), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ciliate medick (Medicago ciliaris (L.) All.)
Fresh forages Sulla (Hedysarum carnosum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sulla (Hedysarum carnosum Desf.)
Fresh forages Hedgehog medick (Medicago intertexta), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of hedgehog medick (Medicago intertexta (L.) Mill.)
Fresh forages Indigo (Indigofera lupatana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of indigo (Indigofera lupatana Baker f.)
Fresh forages Crotalaria (Crotalaria goodiiformis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of crotalaria (Crotalaria goodiiformis Vatke)
Fresh forages Vigna (Vigna ambacensis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of vigna (Vigna ambacensis Welw. ex Baker)
Fresh forages Indigo (Indigofera colutea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of indigo (Indigofera colutea (Burm.f.) Merr.)
Fresh forages Polygala (Polygala multiflora), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of polygala (Polygala multiflora Poir.)
Fresh forages Round leaf cassia (Chamaecrista rotundifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of round leaf cassia (Chamaecrista rotundifolia (Pers.) Greene)
Fresh forages Indigo (Indigofera amorphoides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of indigo (Indigofera amorphoides Jaub. & Spach)
Fresh forages Indigo (Indigofera brevicalyx), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of indigo (Indigofera brevicalyx Baker f.)
Fresh forages Indigo (Indigofera coerulea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of indigo (Indigofera coerulea Roxb.)
Fresh forages Indigo (Indigastrum costatum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of indigo (Indigastrum costatum (Guill. & Perr.) Schrire)
Fresh forages Indigo (Indigofera cryptantha), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of indigo (Indigofera cryptantha Benth. ex Harv.)
Fresh forages Indigo (Indigofera vicioides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of indigo (Indigofera vicioides Jaub. & Spach)
Fresh forages Alfalfa, leaves, fresh Fresh leaves of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.). Synonym (France): PAREP, massai. This mode of harvesting also produces a fibre-rich product.
Fresh forages White clover, aerial part, fresh, freeze-dried Fresh aerial part of white clover (Trifolium repens L.), freeze-dried
Fresh forages Kale (Brassica oleracea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of kale (Brassica oleracea).
Fresh forages Kale (Brassica oleracea), stalk, fresh Fresh stalk of kale (Brassica oleracea L.).
Fresh forages Cabbage (Brassica oleracea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cabbage (Brassica oleracea L.).
Fresh forages Spruce (Picea glauca), leaves, fresh Fresh leaf of white spruce (Picea glauca Moench. Voss).
Fresh forages Oak (Quercus dumosa and Quercus wislizeni), aerial part Aerial part of arbustive American oak species (Quercus dumosa Nutt. and Quercus wislizeni DC.).
Fresh forages Chamise (Adenostoma fasciculatum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of chamise (Adenostoma fasciculatum Hook. & Arn.), an American shrub species.
Fresh forages Manzanita (Arctostaphylos glandulosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of manzanita (Arctostaphylos glandulosa Eastw.), a Southern California shrub.
Fresh forages Ceanothus (Ceanothus cuneatus and Ceanothus foliosus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ceanothus (Ceanothus cuneatus (Hook.) Nutt. and Ceanothus foliosus Parry), an American shrub species.
Fresh forages Service-tree (Sorbus aria), leaves, fresh Fresh service-tree leaf (Sorbus aria (L.) Crantz). French names : alisier blanc-de-neige, allouchier.
Fresh forages Amelanchier (Amelanchier laevis), leaves, fresh Fresh amelanchier leaf (Amelanchier laevis Wiegand)
Fresh forages Aphyllantes (Aphyllanthes monspeliensis), leaves, fresh Fresh aphyllantes leaf (Aphyllanthes monspeliensis L.).
Fresh forages Hawthorn (Crataegus oxyacantha), leaves and fruit, fresh Fresh hawthorn leaf and fruit (Crataegus oxyacantha L.).
Fresh forages Oak leaves, fresh Fresh oak leaf (Quercus spp.).
Fresh forages Cytise (Cytisus sessifolius), leaves, fresh Fresh cytise leaf (Cytisus sessifolius L.).
Fresh forages Socarillo (Dorycnium pentaphyllum), leaves, fresh Fresh dorycnium leaf (Dorycnium pentaphyllum Scop.). Dorycnium is a wild legume from the South of France.
Fresh forages Wild rose (Rosa canina), leaves and fruit, fresh Fresh wild rose leaf and fruit (Rosa canina L.).
Fresh forages Maple (Acer spp.), leaves, fresh Fresh maple leaf (Acer spp.).
Fresh forages Hazel tree (Corylus avellana), aerial part, fresh Hazel tree (Corylus avellana L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Hawthorn (Crataegus oxyacantha), leaves, fresh Fresh hawthorn leaf (Crataegus oxyacantha L.).
Fresh forages Sedge (Carex spp.), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sedge (Carex spp.). The sedge is an herbaceous plant found on rivershores.
Fresh forages Cherry leaves, fresh Fresh cherry leaf (Cerasus avium DC).
Fresh forages Wild rose (Rosa canina), aerial part, fresh Wild rose (Rosa canina L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Carline (Carlina acaulis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of carline (Carlina acaulis L.). The carline is a wild plant related to thistle.
Fresh forages Coronilla (Coronilla minima), leaves, fresh Fresh coronilla leaf (Coronilla minima L.). Coronilla is a wild papilionacea from Central and Mediterranean Europe.
Fresh forages Anthyllis (Anthyllis montana), leaves, fresh Fresh anthyllis leaf (Anthyllis montana L.). Anthyllis is a wild legume, close to alfalafa, found in temperate countries.
Fresh forages Ononis (Ononis striata), leaves, fresh Fresh ononis leaf (Ononis striata Gouan). Ononis is a wild legume related to lupin.
Fresh forages Viorne (Viburnum lantana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of viorne (Viburnum lantana L.).
Fresh forages Spinach (Spinacia oleracea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of spinach (Spinacia oleracea L.).
Fresh forages Jerusalem artichoke (Helianthus tuberosus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of Jerusalem artichoke (Helianthus tuberosus L.).
Fresh forages Garden orache (Atriplex hortensis), aerial part, fresh Aerial part of garden orache (Atriplex hortensis L.), a wild, common plant (chenopodiacea)
Fresh forages Banana stalk, fresh Fresh stalk of banana tree (Musa x paradisiaca L.).
Fresh forages Grapevine branches and leaves, fresh Fresh branches and leaves of grapevine (Vitis vinifera L.).
Fresh forages Sugar cane, aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sugar cane (Saccharum officinarum L.).
Fresh forages Beet tops, fresh Fresh beet tops (Beta vulgaris L.). The tops are the part between the root and the stalk. Beet tops are a crop residue.
Fresh forages Cassava tops, fresh Fresh aerial part of cassava (Manihot esculenta Crantz).
Fresh forages Cassava tops, fresh, soaked in water Fresh aerial part of cassava (Manihot esculenta Crantz), soaked in water for 24 hours.
Fresh forages Cassava leaves, fresh Fresh cassava leaf (Manihot esculenta Crantz).
Fresh forages Calopo (Calopogonium mucunoides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of calopo (Calopogonium muconoides Desv.). Calopo is a leguminous herb often grown under oil palms trees in South-East Asia. It is poorly appetent.
Fresh forages Clidemia (Clidemia hirta), leaves, fresh Fresh clidemia leaf (Clidemia hirta (L.) D. Don). Clidemia is a tropical (South America, Asia, Oceania) shrub.
Fresh forages Old man saltbush (Atriplex nummularia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of old man saltbush (Atriplex nummularia Lindl.), shrub from arid regions cultivated as fodder  (Australia, Tunisia, South Africa).
Fresh forages Bitter gourd (Momordica charantia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of bitter gourd (Momordica charantia L.).
Fresh forages Raddish (Raphanus sativus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of raddish (Raphanus sativus L.)
Fresh forages Rape, aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of rape (Brassica napus L. var. napus).
Fresh forages Sweet potato (Ipomoea batatas), leaves, fresh Fresh sweet potato leaf (Ipomea batatas (L.). Lam.).
Fresh forages Vernonia (Vernonia spp.), leaves, fresh Fresh vernonia leaves (Vernonia spp.). Vernonia leaves are used for human consumption ("ndole" in Cameroon).
Fresh forages Lettuce leaves, fresh Fresh lettuce leaf (Lactuca sativa L.).
Fresh forages Prickly pear (Opuntia ficus-indica), aerial part, fresh Fresh prickly pear cladodes (Opuntia ficus-indica (L.) Miller).
Fresh forages Carnation (Dianthus caryophillus), byproduct, fresh Fresh byproduct of carnation (Dianthus caryiophillus L.) cultivation.
Fresh forages Cantaloupe (Cucumis melo), crop residues, fresh Fresh byproduct of cantaloupe (Cucumis melo L.) harvesting, consisting probably of aerial parts.
Fresh forages Tomato crop residue, fresh Fresh byproduct of tomato (Solanum lycopersicum Karst.) processing, consisting probably of aerial parts.
Fresh forages Grapefruit (Citrus paradisi), leaves, fresh Fresh grapefruit leaves (Citrus paradisi Macfad.).
Fresh forages Callune (Calluna vulgaris), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of callune (Calluna vulgaris Salisb.). Callune is a shrub related to heather.
Fresh forages Gorse, aerial part at flowering Aerial part of gorse (Ulex europaeus L.), harvested during flowering. Gorse is a shrub with spiky leaves and yellow flowers.
Fresh forages Gorse, aerial part before flowering Aerial part of gorse (Ulex europaeus L.), harvested before flowering. Gorse is a shrub with spiky leaves and yellow flowers.
Fresh forages Broom (Cytisus scoparius), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of broom (Cytisus scoparius Koch L.).
Fresh forages Leek (Allium porrum), aerial part, autoclaved, fresh Autoclaved, fresh aerial part of leek (Alium porrum L.). Possibly a cannery byproduct.
Fresh forages Cardoon (Cynara cardonculus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cardoon (Cynara cardonculus L.).
Fresh forages Cardoon (Cynara cardonculus), leaves, dry Fresh cardoon (Cynara cardonculus L.) leaves, a byproduct of the harvest of cardoon seeds.
Fresh forages Turnip, aerial part, fresh Turnip (Brassica rapa L. and hybrids), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Leek (Allium porrum), fresh Fresh aerial part of leek (Alium porrum L.), discarded from the human food market.
Fresh forages Kenaf (Hibiscus cannabinus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of kenaf (Hibiscus cannabinus L.). The apical part is harvested so that the stalk can be used for pulp (fibre) production. Other names : ambari, mesta, roselle, jamaica sorrel.
Fresh forages Tree heath (Erica arborea), aerial part, fresh Bush of the heath family (Erica arborea L.) of between 1 and 3 m in height.
Fresh forages Broom (Genista florida), aerial part, fresh Shrub of the broom family (Genista florida L.), from Spain and Portugal.
Fresh forages Salad plant byproduct Fresh byproduct of the processing of salad plants : culled lettuces, non-edible parts...
Fresh forages Acalypha (Acalypha grandis), aerial part, fresh Acalypha (Acalypha grandis Benth.), leaves and stems, fresh
Fresh forages Acalypha (Acalypha pancheriana), aerial part, fresh Acalypha (Acalypha pancheriana Baill.), leaves and stems, fresh
Fresh forages Afzelia (Afzelia africana), aerial part, fresh Afzelia (Afzelia africana Sm. ex Pers.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Aglaia (Aglaia elaeagnoidea), aerial part, fresh Aglaia (Aglaia elaeagnoidea (A. Juss.) Benth.), leaves and stems, fresh
Fresh forages Christmas bush (Alchornea cordifolia), aerial part, fresh Christmas bush (Alchornea cordifolia (Schu. & Thon.) Muell), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Allophylus (Allophylus africanus), stems, fresh Allophylus (Allophylus africanus P. Beauv.), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Allophylus (Allophylus africanus), leaves, fresh Allophylus (Allophylus africanus P. Beauv.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Alyce clover (Alysicarpus ovalifolius), hay Alyce clover (Alysicarpus ovalifolius (Schum.) Leonard), hay
Fresh forages Alyce clover (Alysicarpus ovalifolius (Schum.) Leonard), aerial part, fresh Alyce clover (Alysicarpus ovalifolius), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Alyce clover (Alysicarpus vaginalis), aerial part, fresh Alyce clover (Alysicarpus vaginalis (L.) DC.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Green amaranth (Amaranthus viridis), aerial part, fresh Green amaranth (Amaranthus viridis L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Ampelocissus (Ampelocissus leonensis), aerial part, fresh Ampelocissus (Ampelocissus leonensis (Hook.f.) Planch.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Anabasis (Anabasis articulata), aerial part, fresh Anabasis (Anabasis articulata (Forssk.) Moq.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Anadelphia (Anadelphia afzeliana), aerial part, fresh Anadelphia (Anabasis articulata (Forssk.) Moq.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Jericho rose (Anastatica hierochuntica), aerial part, fresh Jericho rose (Anastatica hierochuntica L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Annona (Annona senegalensis), aerial part, fresh Annona (Annona senegalensis Pers.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Anthocleista (Anthocleista spp.), aerial part, fresh Anthocleista (Anthocleista spp.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Anthyllis (Anthyllis spp.), aerial part, fresh Anthyllis (Anthyllis sp.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Antiaris (Antiaris africana), leaves, fresh Antiaris (Antiaris africana Engl.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Antidesma (Antidesma venosum), leaves, fresh Antidesma (Antidesma venosum E. Mey. ex Tul.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Groundnut, aerial part, fresh Groundnut, aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Groundnut leaves from tops, fresh Groundnut leaves from tops, fresh
Fresh forages Groundnut leaves, fresh Groundnut leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Archidendropsis (Archidendropsis granulosa), aerial part, fresh Archidendropsis (Archidendropsis granulosa (Labill.) Nielsen), leaves and stems, fresh
Fresh forages Archidendropsis (Archidendropsis streptocarpa), aerial part, fresh Archidendropsis (Archidendropsis streptocarpa (Fourn.) Nielsen), leaves and stems, fresh
Fresh forages Artemisia (Artemisia herba-alba), aerial part, fresh Artemisia (Artemisia herba-alba Asso), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Artemisia (Artemisia herba-alba), leaves, fresh Artemisia (Artemisia herba-alba Asso), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Artemisia (Artemisia campestris), aerial part, fresh Artemisia (Artemisia campestris L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Artemisia (Artemisia judaica), aerial part, fresh Artemisia (Artemisia judaica L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Centropodia (Centropodia forskalii), aerial part, fresh Centropodia (Centropodia forskalii (Vahl) Cope), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Astragalus (Astragalus cruciatus), aerial part, fresh Astragalus (Astragalus cruciatus Link), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Asystasia (Asystasia gangetica), aerial part, fresh Asystasia (Asystasia gangetica (L.) T. Anderson), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Atriplex (Atriplex coriacea), aerial part, fresh Atriplex (Atriplex coriacea Forssk.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Avicennia (Avicennia germinans), leaves, fresh Avicennia (Avicennia germinans L.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Avicennia (Avicennia marina), leaves, fresh Avicennia (Avicennia marina (Forssk.) Vierh.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Avicennia (Avicennia marina), stems, fresh Avicennia (Avicennia marina (Forssk.) Vierh.), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Neem (Azadirachta indica), aerial part, fresh Neem (Azadirachta indica A. Juss.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Azolla (Azolla filiculoides), whole plant, fresh Azolla (Azolla filiculoides Lam.), whole plant, fresh
Fresh forages Baissea (Baissea multiflora), leaves, fresh Baissea (Baissea multiflora), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Desert date (Balanites aegyptiacus), aerial part, fresh Desert date (Balanites aegyptiacus (L.) Delile), leaves and stems, fresh
Fresh forages Desert date (Balanites aegyptiacus), stems and fruits, fresh Desert date (Balanites aegyptiacus (L.) Delile), stems and fruits, fresh
Fresh forages Plantain banana leaves, fresh Plantain banana (Musa x paradisiaca L.) leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Plantain banana sheath, fresh Plantain banana (Musa x paradisiaca L.) sheath, fresh
Fresh forages Bergia (Bergia suffruticosa), aerial part, fresh Bergia (Bergia suffruticosa (Del.) Fens.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Blepharis (Blepharis linariifolia), aerial part, fresh Blepharis (Blepharis linariifolia Pers.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Blepharis (Blepharis linariifolia), flowers, fresh Blepharis (Blepharis linariifolia Pers.), flowers, fresh
Fresh forages Blepharis (Blepharis maderaspatensis), aerial part, fresh Blepharis (Blepharis maderaspatensis (L.) Roth), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Blighia (Blighia sapida), leaves, fresh Blighia (Blighia sapida K. Konig.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Bombax (Bombax costatum), leaves, fresh Bombax (Bombax costatum Pellegr. & Vuill.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Bombax (Bombax costatum), flowers, fresh Bombax (Bombax costatum Pellegr. & Vuill.), flowers, fresh
Fresh forages Borreria (Borreria stachydea), aerial part, fresh Borreria (Borreria stachydea Hutch. et Dalz.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Borreria (Borreria stachydea), leaves, fresh Borreria (Borreria stachydea Hutch. et Dalz.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Borreria (Borreria stachydea), flowers, fresh Borreria (Borreria stachydea Hutch. et Dalz.), flowers, fresh
Fresh forages Bougainvillea (Bougainvillea modesta), aerial part, fresh Bougainvillea (Bougainvillea modesta Heimerl), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Brachystegia (Brachystegia boehmii), leaves, fresh Brachystegia (Brachystegia boehmii Taubert), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Brachystegia (Brachystegia spiciformis), leaves, fresh Brachystegia (Brachystegia spiciformis Benth.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Breynia (Breynia disticha), leaves, stems, flowers and fruits, fresh Breynia (Breynia disticha JR & G. Forst.), leaves, stems, flowers and fruits, fresh
Fresh forages Bridelia (Bridelia ferruginea), leaves, fresh Bridelia (Bridelia ferruginea Benth.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Bridelia (Bridelia scleroneura), leaves, fresh Bridelia (Bridelia scleroneura Muell. Arg), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Cadaba (Cadaba farinosa), aerial part, fresh Cadaba (Cadaba farinosa Forssk.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Cadaba (Cadaba farinosa), leaves, flowers and fruits, fresh Cadaba (Cadaba farinosa Forssk.), leaves, flowers and fruits, fresh
Fresh forages Cadaba (Cadaba glandulosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cadaba (Cadaba glandulosa Forssk.)
Fresh forages Caesalpinia (Caesalpinia erianthera), leaves, fresh Caesalpinia (Caesalpinia erianthera Chiov.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Caesalpinia (Caesalpinia erianthera), stems, fresh Caesalpinia (Caesalpinia erianthera Chiov.), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Caesalpinia (Caesalpinia ferrea), leaves, fresh Caesalpinia (Caesalpinia ferrea Martius), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Calligonum (Calligonum comosum), tips, fresh Calligonum (Calligonum comosum L' Hérit.), tips, fresh
Fresh forages Cananga (Cananga odorata), aerial part, fresh Cananga (Cananga odorata (Lam.) Hook. f. & T. Thomson), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Sugarcane tops, fresh Sugarcane tops, fresh
Fresh forages Sugarcane stems, fresh Sugarcane (Saccharum officinarum L.) stems, fresh
Fresh forages Capparis (Capparis decidua), stems, fresh Capparis (Capparis decidua (Forssk.) Edgew.), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Capparis (Capparis tomentosa), aerial part, fresh Capparis (Capparis tomentosa Lam.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Cardiospermum (Cardiospermum halicacabum), aerial part, fresh Cardiospermum (Cardiospermum halicacabum L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Papaya (Carica papaya), leaves, fresh Papaya (Carica papaya L.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Golden tree (Cassia fistula), aerial part, fresh Golden tree (Cassia fistula L.), partie aérienne, fresh
Fresh forages Senna (Senna italica), aerial part, fresh Senna (Senna italica Mill.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Chamaecrista (Chamaecrista nigricans), tips, fresh Chamaecrista (Chamaecrista nigricans (Vahl) Greene), tips, fresh
Fresh forages Sicklepod (Senna obtusifolia), aerial part, fresh Sicklepod (Senna obtusifolia (L.) H.S. Irwin & Barneby), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Sicklepod (Senna obtusifolia), leaves and pods, fresh Sicklepod (Senna obtusifolia (L.) H.S. Irwin & Barneby), leaves and pods, fresh
Fresh forages Senna (Senna occidentalis), aerial part, fresh Senna (Senna occidentalis (L.) Link), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Siamese senna (Senna siamea), aerial part, fresh Siamese senna (Senna siamea (Lam.) H.S. Irwin & Barneby), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages African laburnum (Cassia sieberiana), leaves and flowers, fresh African laburnum (Cassia sieberiana DC.), leaves and flowers, fresh
Fresh forages Casuarina (Casuarina equisetifolia), aerial part, fresh Casuarina (Casuarina equisetifolia L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Centro (Centrosema molle), flowers, fresh Centro (Centrosema molle Mart ex Benth.), flowers, fresh
Fresh forages Centro (Centrosema plumieri), aerial part, fresh Centro (Centrosema plumieri (Pers.) Benth.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Chrozophora (Chrozophora brocchiana), aerial part, fresh Chrozophora (Chrozophora brocchiana Vis.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Chrozophora (Chrozophora brocchiana), tops, fresh Chrozophora (Chrozophora brocchiana Vis.), tops, fresh
Fresh forages Chrozophora (Chrozophora brocchiana), leaves and tops, fresh Chrozophora (Panicum turgidum Forssk.), leaves and tops, fresh
Fresh forages Icaquier (Chrysobalanus icaco), leaves, fresh Icaquier (Chrysobalanus icaco L.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Colocynth (Citrullus colocynthis), aerial part, fresh Colocynth (Citrullus colocynthis (L.) Schrader), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Clerodendrum (Clerodendrum splendens), aerial part, fresh Clerodendrum (Clerodendrum splendens (Thunb.) G.Don), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Cocculus (Cocculus pendulus), leaves, fresh Cocculus (Cocculus pendulus (Forst. & Forst.) Diels), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Cochlospermum (Cochlospermum planchoni), aerial part, fresh Cochlospermum (Cochlospermum planchoni Hook. f. ex Planch), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Cochlospermum (Cochlospermum tinctorium), leaves, fresh Cochlospermum (Cochlospermum tinctorium Perr. ex A. Rich.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Telegraph plant (Codariocalyx gyroides), aerial part, fresh Telegraph plant (Codariocalyx gyroides (Link) Hassk.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Cogniauxia (Cogniauxia podolaena), aerial part, fresh Cogniauxia (Cogniauxia podolaena Baill.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Cola (Cola cordifolia), leaves, fresh Cola (Cola cordifolia Baill.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Coleus (Coleus esculentus), aerial part, fresh Coleus (Coleus esculentus G Tayl.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Combretum (Combretum collinum), leaves, fresh Combretum (Combretum collinum Fresen), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Combretum (Combretum fragrans), leaves, fresh Combretum (Combretum fragrans F. Hoffm.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Combretum (Combretum glutinosum), aerial part, fresh Combretum (Combretum glutinosum Perr. ex DC.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Combretum (Combretum glutinosum), flowers, fresh Combretum (Combretum glutinosum Perr. ex DC.), flowers, fresh
Fresh forages Combretum (Combretum hereroense), leaves, fresh Combretum (Combretum hereroense Schinz), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Combretum (Combretum hypopilinum), leaves, fresh Combretum (Combretum hypopilinum Diels), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Combretum (Combretum imberbe), leaves, fresh Combretum (Combretum imberbe Wawra), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Combretum (Combretum lecardii), leaves, fresh Combretum (Combretum lecardii Baill.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Combretum (Combretum micranthum), aerial part, fresh Combretum (Combretum micranthum G. Don.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Combretum (Combretum molle), aerial part, fresh Combretum (Combretum molle R.Br. ex G.Don), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Combretum (Combretum nigricans), aerial part, fresh Combretum (Combretum nigricans Lepr. ex Guill. & Perr.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Commelina (Commelina benghalensis), aerial part, fresh Commelina (Commelina benghalensis L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Commelina (Commelina forskalaei), aerial part, fresh Commelina (Commelina forskalaei Vahl), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Commiphora (Commiphora africana), aerial part, fresh Commiphora (Commiphora africana (A. Rich.) Engl.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Commiphora (Commiphora pedunculata), aerial part, fresh Commiphora (Commiphora pedunculata Engl.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Conocarpus (Conocarpus lancifolius), leaves, fresh Conocarpus (Conocarpus lancifolius L.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Convolvulus (Convolvulus lanatus), aerial part, fresh Convolvulus (Convolvulus lanatus L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Corchorus (Corchorus depressus), branches, fresh Corchorus (Corchorus depressus L.), branches, fresh
Fresh forages Corchorus (Corchorus depressus), aerial part, fresh Corchorus (Corchorus depressus L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Cordia (Cordia rothii), aerial part, fresh Cordia (Cordia rothii Roem. & Schult.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Cordia (Cordia sinensis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cordia (Cordia sinensis Lam.)
Fresh forages Cordyla (Cordyla pinnata), leaves, fresh Cordyla (Cordyla pinnata (Lepr. ex A. Rich.) Milne-Redh.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Cornulaca (Cornulaca monacantha), aerial part, fresh Cornulaca (Cornulaca monacantha Del.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Cotton leaves, fresh Cotton leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Craterispermum (Craterispermum laurinum), leaves, fresh Craterispermum (Craterispermum laurinum (Poir.) Benth.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Craterispermum (Craterispermum laurinum), stems, fresh Craterispermum (Craterispermum laurinum (Poir.) Benth.), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Crateva (Crateva adansonii), leaves, fresh Crateva (Crateva adansonii DC.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Crateva (Crateva adansonii), aerial part, fresh Crateva (Crateva adansonii DC.), leaves and stems, fresh
Fresh forages Crossopteryx (Crossopteryx febrifuga), aerial part, fresh Crossopteryx (Crossopteryx febrifuga (Afz. ex G. Don) Benth.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Crotalaria (Crotalaria podocarpa), leaves, fresh Crotalaria (Crotalaria podocarpa DC.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Crotalaria (Crotataria podocarpa), hay Crotalaria (Crotalaria podocarpa DC.), hay
Fresh forages Crotalaria (Crotalaria podocarpa DC.), aerial part, fresh Crotalaria (Crotalaria podocarpa), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Crotalaria (Crotalaria podocarpa), stems, fresh Crotalaria (Crotalaria podocarpa DC.), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Ctenium (Ctenium elegans), aerial part, fresh Ctenium (Ctenium elegans Kunth), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Ctenolepis (Ctenolepis cerasiformis), leaves, stems and fruits, fresh Ctenolepis (Ctenolepis cerasiformis (Stcks.) Hook.), leaves, stems and fruits, fresh
Fresh forages Cussonia (Cussonia arborea), aerial part, fresh Cussonia (Cussonia arborea Hochst. ex A. Rich.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Cutandia (Cutandia memphitica), aerial part, fresh Cutandia (Cutandia memphitica (Spreng.) Benth), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Giant star grass (Cynodon plectostachyus), aerial part, fresh Giant star grass (Cynodon plectostachyus (K. Schum.) Pilger), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Cyperus (Cyperus alopecuroides), leaves, fresh Cyperus (Cyperus alopecuroides Rottb.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Cyperus (Cyperus alopecuroides), stems and tops, fresh Cyperus (Cyperus alopecuroides Rottb.), stems and tops, fresh
Fresh forages Cyperus (Cyperus conglomeratus), aerial part, fresh Cyperus (Cyperus conglomeratus Rottb.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Cyperus (Cyperus cruentus), aerial part, fresh Cyperus (Cyperus cruentus Rottb.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Nut grass (Cyperus esculentus), aerial part, fresh Nut grass (Cyperus esculentus L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Cyperus (Cyperus maculatus), aerial part, fresh Cyperus (Cyperus maculatus Boeck.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Cyperus (Cyperus obtusiflorus), aerial part, fresh Cyperus (Cyperus obtusiflorus Vahl), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Papyrus (Cyperus papyrus), aerial part, fresh Papyrus (Cyperus papyrus L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Coco grass (Cyperus rotundus), aerial part, fresh Coco grass (Cyperus rotundus L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Egyptian crowfoot grass (Dactyloctenium aegyptium), aerial part, fresh Egyptian crowfoot grass (Dactyloctenium aegyptium (L.) Willd.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Dactyloctenium (Dactyloctenium latipes), aerial part, fresh Dactyloctenium (Dactyloctenium latipes F.Muell.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Dactyloctenium (Dactyloctenium scindicum), aerial part, fresh Dactyloctenium (Dactyloctenium scindicum Boiss.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Dalbergia (Dalbergia boehmii), leaves, fresh Dalbergia (Dalbergia boehmii Taubert), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Dalbergia (Dalbergia melanoxylon), leaves, fresh Dalbergia (Dalbergia melanoxylon Guill. & Perr.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Daniellia (Daniellia oliveri), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of daniellia (Daniellia oliveri (Rolfe) Hutch. & Dalziel)
Fresh forages Daniellia (Daniellia oliveri), flowers, fresh Daniellia (Daniellia oliveri (Rolfe) Hutch. & Dalziel), flowers, fresh
Fresh forages Delarbrea (Delarbrea paradoxa), aerial part, fresh Delarbrea (Delarbrea paradoxa Vieill.), leaves and stems, fresh
Fresh forages Dendrolobium (Dendrolobium umbellatum), aerial part, fresh Dendrolobium (Dendrolobium umbellatum (L.) DC.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Detarium (Detarium microcarpum), leaves, fresh Detarium (Detarium microcarpum Guill. & Perr.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Velvet tamarind (Dialium guineense), aerial part, fresh Velvet tamarind (Dialium guineense Willd.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Marvel grass (Dichanthium annulatum), aerial part, fresh Marvel grass (Dichanthium annulatum (Forssk.) Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Dichanthium (Dichanthium aristatum), aerial part, fresh Dichanthium (Dichanthium aristatum (Poir.) CE.Hubb), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Swaziland finger grass (Digitaria swazilandensis), hay Swaziland finger grass (Digitaria swazilandensis Stent), hay
Fresh forages Yellow yam (Dioscorea cayenensis), tuber, fresh Yellow yam (Dioscorea cayenensis Lam.), tuber, fresh
Fresh forages Diospyros (Diospyros mespiliformis), aerial part, fresh Diospyros (Diospyros mespiliformis Hochst ex A. DC.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Diplachne (Diplachne fusca), aerial part, fresh Diplachne (Diplachne fusca (L.) Beauv.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Diplorhynchus (Diplorhynchus condylocarpon), leaves, fresh Diplorhynchus (Diplorhynchus condylocarpon (Müll. Arg.) Pichon), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Dissotis (Dissotis rotundifolia), aerial part, dry Dissotis (Dissotis rotundifolia (Sm.) Triana, aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Lime-yellow pea (Macrotyloma axillare), aerial part, fresh Lime-yellow pea (Macrotyloma axillare (E. Mey.) Verdc), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Lablab (Lablab purpureus), leaves, fresh Lablab (Lablab purpureus (L.) Sweet.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Lablab (Lablab purpureus), aerial part, fresh Hyacinth bean (Lablab purpureus (L.) Sweet.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Lablab (Lablab purpureus), stems, fresh Fresh stems of lablab (Lablab purpureus (L.) Sweet.)
Fresh forages Echinops (Echinops galalensis), shoots, fresh Echinops (Echinops galalensis Schweinf.), shoots, fresh
Fresh forages Water hyacinth (Eichhornia crassipes), aerial part, fresh Water hyacinth (Eichhornia crassipes (Mart.) Solms), aerial part, fresh.
Fresh forages Water hyacinth (Eichhornia crassipes), stems, fresh Water hyacinth (Eichhornia crassipes (Mart.) Solms), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Oil palm leaves, fresh Oil palm (Elaeis guineensis Jacq.) leaves
Fresh forages Oil palm flowers, fresh Oil palm (Elaeis guineensis Jacq.) flowers, fresh
Fresh forages Elymandra (Elymandra androphila), aerial part, fresh Elymandra (Elymandra androphila Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Eremobium (Eremobium diffusum), aerial part, fresh Eremobium (Eremobium diffusum (Decne.) Botsch.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Eriosema (Eriosema psoraleoides), aerial part, fresh Eriosema (Eriosema psoraleoides (Lam.) G.Don), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Sweet euphorbia (Euphorbia balsamifera), leaves, fresh Sweet euphorbia (Euphorbia balsamifera Ait.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Fagonia (Fagonia glutinosa), aerial part, fresh Fagonia (Fagonia glutinosa Del.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Farsetia (Farsetia aegyptiaca), aerial part, fresh Farsetia (Farsetia aegyptiaca), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Farsetia (Farsetia ramosissima), aerial part, fresh Farsetia (Farsetia ramosissima Hochstetter ex Fourni), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Farsetia (Farsetia stylosa), branches, fresh Farsetia (Farsetia stylosa R. Br.), branches, fresh
Fresh forages Feretia (Feretia apodanthera), leaves, fresh Feretia (Feretia apodanthera Del.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Feretia (Feretia apodanthera), flowers, fresh Feretia (Feretia apodanthera Del.), flowers, fresh
Fresh forages Fluggea (Fluggea virosa), leaves, fresh Fluggea (Fluggea virosa (Roxb. ex Willd.) Baill.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Gardenia (Gardenia erubescens), aerial part, fresh Gardenia (Gardenia erubescens Stapf & Hutch.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Gardenia (Gardenia erubescens), leaves, fresh Gardenia (Gardenia erubescens Stapf & Hutch.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Gardenia (Gardenia erubescens), leaves, flowers and fruits, fresh Gardenia (Gardenia erubescens Stapf & Hutch.), leaves, flowers and fruits, fresh
Fresh forages Gardenia (Gardenia ternifolia), leaves, fresh Gardenia (Gardenia ternifolia Schum. & Thonn.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Glinus (Glinus lotoides), aerial part, fresh Glinus (Glinus lotoides L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Glochidion (Glochidion billardieri), aerial part, fresh Glochidion (Glochidion billardieri Baill.), leaves and stems, fresh
Fresh forages Perennial soybean (Neonotonia wightii), aerial part, fresh Perennial soybean (Neonotonia wightii (Wight & Arn.) J.A. Lackey), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Grevillea (Grevillea robusta), aerial part, fresh Grevillea (Grevillea robusta A. Cunn.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Griffonia (Griffonia simplicifolia), leaves, fresh Griffonia (Griffonia simplicifolia (DC.) Baillon), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Guibourtia (Guibourtia copallifera), leaves, fresh Guibourtia (Guibourtia copallifera Bennett), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Guiera (Guiera senegalensis), aerial part, fresh Guiera (Guiera senegalensis JF. Gmel.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Niger (Guizotia abyssinica), aerial part, fresh Niger (Guizotia abyssinica (L.f.) Cass.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Halocnemum (Halocnemum strobilaceum), aerial part, fresh Halocnemum (Halocnemum strobilaceum (Pallas) MB.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Haloxylon (Haloxylon salicornicum), flowers and stems, fresh Haloxylon (Haloxylon salicornicum (Moq.) Bunge), flowers and stems, fresh
Fresh forages Hammada (Hammada elegans), aerial part, fresh Hammada (Hammada elegans (Bunge) Botsch), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Hammada (Hammada schmittiana), aerial part, fresh Hammada (Hammada schmittiana (Pomel) Botsch.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Hammada (Hammada scoparia), aerial part, fresh Hammada (Hammada scoparia (Pomel)), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Hannoa (Hannoa undulata), leaves, fresh Hannoa (Hannoa undulata (Guill. & Perr.) Planch), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Hardwickia (Hardwickia binata), leaves, fresh Hardwickia (Hardwickia binata Roxb.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Harrisonia (Harrisonia abyssinica), leaves, fresh Harrisonia (Harrisonia abyssinica Oliv.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Heeria (Heeria insignis), leaves, fresh Heeria (Heeria insignis (Del.) O.Ktze), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Helianthemum (Helianthemum lippii), aerial part, fresh Helianthemum (Helianthemum lippii (L.) Dum.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Helianthemum (Helianthemum spp.), aerial part, fresh Helianthemum (Helianthemum spp.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Limpo grass (Hemarthria altissima), aerial part, fresh Limpo grass (Hemarthria altissima (Poir.) Stapf & CE Hubbard), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Haematoxylum (Haematoxylum brasiletto), aerial part, fresh Haematoxylum (Haematoxylum brasiletto Karst.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Hermarthria (Hermarthria spp.), aerial part, fresh Hermarthria (Hermarthria spp.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Hexalobus (Hexalobus monopetalus), leaves, fresh Hexalobus (Hexalobus monopetalus (A. Rich.) Engl.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Hibiscus (Hibiscus asper), tips, fresh Hibiscus (Hibiscus asper Hook. f.), tips, fresh
Fresh forages Roselle (Hibiscus sabdariffa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of roselle (Hibiscus sabdariffa L.)
Fresh forages Roselle (Hibiscus sabdariffa), flowers, fresh Fresh flowers of roselle (Hibiscus sabdariffa L.)
Fresh forages Hibiscus (Hibiscus tiliaceus), leaves, fresh Hibiscus (Hibiscus tiliaceus L.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Hippocratea (Hippocratea africana), aerial part, fresh Hippocratea (Hippocratea africana (Willd.) Loes.), leaves and stems, fresh
Fresh forages Holarrhena (Holarrhena floribunda), leaves, fresh Holarrhena (Holarrhena floribunda (G. Don) Dur. & Schinz.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Horwoodia (Horwoodia dicksoniae), aerial part, fresh Horwoodia (Horwoodia dicksoniae Turrill), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Hymenocardia (Hymenocardia acida), leaves, fresh Hymenocardia (Hymenocardia acida Tul.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Hymenocardia (Hymenocardia acida), stems, fresh Hymenocardia (Hymenocardia acida Tul.), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Doum palm (Hyphaene thebaica), leaves, fresh Doum palm (Hyphaene thebaica Mart.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Hypnea (Hypnea spp.), whole plant, fresh Hypnea (Hypnea spp.), whole plant, fresh
Fresh forages Icacina (Icacina oliviformis), leaves, fresh Icacina (Icacina oliviformis (Poir.) Raynal), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Yam (Dioscorea spp.), tubers Yam (Dioscorea spp.), tubers
Fresh forages Water spinach (Ipomoea aquatica), leaves, fresh Water spinach (Ipomoea aquatica Forssk.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Ischaemum (Ischaemum ciliare), aerial part, fresh Ischaemum (Ischaemum ciliare Retz.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Ischaemum (Ischaemum rugosum), aerial part, fresh Ischaemum (Ischaemum rugosum Salisb.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Jacquemontia (Jacquemontia spp.), leaves, flowers and tips, fresh Jacquemontia (Jacquemontia spp.), leaves, flowers and tips, fresh
Fresh forages Jardinea (Jardinea congoensis), aerial part, fresh Jardinea (Jardinea congoensis (Hack.) Franch), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Khaya (Khaya senegalensis), wood chips Khaya (Khaya senegalensis (Desr.) A. Juss.), wood chips
Fresh forages Khaya (Khaya senegalensis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of khaya (Khaya senegalensis (Desv.) A.Juss.)
Fresh forages Kigelia (Kigelia africana), leaves, fresh Kigelia (Kigelia africana (Lam.) Benth.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Kigelia (Kigelia africana), aerial part, fresh Kigelia (Kigelia africana (Lam.) Benth.), leaves and stems, fresh
Fresh forages Kigelia (Kigelia africana), stems, fresh Kigelia (Kigelia africana (Lam.) Benth.), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Kochia (Kochia indica), aerial part, fresh Kochia (Kochia indica Wight), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Kochia (Kochia indica), stems, fresh Kochia (Kochia indica Wight), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Koelpinia (Koelpinia linearis), aerial part, fresh Koelpinia (Koelpinia linearis Palla.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Sewan grass (Lasiurus scindicus), stems and flowers, fresh Sewan grass (Lasiurus scindicus Henrard), stems and flowers, fresh
Fresh forages Launaea (Launaea cassiniana), aerial part, fresh Launaea (Launaea cassiniana (Jaub. & Spach) Burkill), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Lavande (Lavandula spp.), aerial part, fresh Lavande (Lavandula spp.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Lepidagathis (Lepidagathis anobrya), aerial part, fresh Lepidagathis (Lepidagathis anobrya Nees.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Leptadenia (Leptadenia hastata), leaves, fresh Leptadenia (Leptadenia hastata (Pers.) Decne), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Leptadenia (Leptadenia hastata), flowers, fresh Leptadenia (Leptadenia hastata (Pers.) Decne), flowers, fresh
Fresh forages Leptadenia (Leptadenia hastata), aerial part, fresh Leptadenia (Leptadenia hastata (Pers.) Decne), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Leptadenia (Leptadenia pyrotechnica), tips, fresh Leptadenia (Leptadenia pyrotechnica (Forssk.) Decne.), tips, fresh
Fresh forages Leptadenia (Leptadenia pyrotechnica), aerial part, fresh Leptadenia (Leptadenia pyrotechnica (Forssk.) Decne.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Leptadenia (Leptadenia pyrotechnica), stems, fresh Leptadenia (Leptadenia pyrotechnica (Forssk.) Decne.), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Leptadenia (Leptadenia spp.), aerial part, fresh Leptadenia (Leptadenia spp.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Limoniastrum (Limoniastrum monopetalum), aerial part, fresh Limoniastrum (Limoniastrum monopetalum (L.) Boiss.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Linum (Linum viscosum L.), aerial part, fresh Linum (Linum viscosum), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Lippia (Lippia multiflora), leaves, fresh Lippia (Lippia multiflora Mold.a), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Indian laurel (Litsea glutinosa), aerial part, fresh Indian laurel (Litsea glutinosa (Lour.) Robins.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Lonchocarpus (Lonchocarpus laxiflorus), leaves, fresh Lonchocarpus (Lonchocarpus laxiflorus Guill. & Perr.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Lophira (Lophira lanceolata), leaves, fresh Lophira (Lophira lanceolata Van Tiegh. ex Keay), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Loudetia (Loudetia arundinacea), aerial part, fresh Loudetia (Loudetia arundinacea (Hochst. ex A.Rich.) Steud.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Loudetia (Loudetia flavida), aerial part, fresh Loudetia (Loudetia flavida (Stapf) C.E.Hubb.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Loudetia (Loudetia kagerensis), aerial part, fresh Loudetia (Loudetia kagerensis (K.Schum.) C.E.Hubb. ex Hutch.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Loudetia (Loudetia simplex), aerial part, fresh Loudetia (Loudetia simplex (Nees) C.E.Hubb.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Loudetia (Loudetia spp.), aerial part, fresh Loudetia (Loudetia spp.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Loudetia (Loudetia spp.), leaves, fresh Loudetia (Loudetia spp.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Loudetiopsis (Loudetiopsis thoroldii), aerial part, fresh Loudetiopsis (Loudetiopsis thoroldii (CE. Hubb.) Phipps), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Loudetia (Loudetia togoensis), aerial part, fresh Loudetia (Loudetia togoensis (Pilg.) C.E. Hubb.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Lycium (Lycium shawii), aerial part, fresh Lycium (Lycium shawii Roem. & Schult.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Lysiphyllum (Lysiphyllum gilvum), leaves, fresh Lysiphyllum (Lysiphyllum gilvum (Bailey) Pedley), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Macaranga (Macaranga hurifolia), aerial part, fresh Macaranga (Macaranga hurifolia Beille), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Maerua (Maerua angolensis), aerial part, fresh Maerua (Maerua angolensis (DC.)), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Maerua (Maerua oblongifolia), aerial part, fresh Maerua (Maerua oblongifolia (Forssk.) A. Rich.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Maesa (Maesa lanceolata), aerial part, fresh Maesa (Maesa lanceolata Forssk.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Maize, aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of maize (Zea mays L.).
Fresh forages Maize spathes, fresh Maize (Zea mays L.) spathes, fresh
Fresh forages Maize stalks, fresh Maize (Zea mays L.) stalks, fresh
Fresh forages Margaritaria (Margaritaria discoidea), leaves, fresh Margaritaria (Margaritaria discoidea (Baill.) Webster), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Cyperus (Cyperus cyperoides), aerial part, fresh Cyperus (Cyperus cyperoides (L.) Kuntze), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Markhamia (Markhamia acuminata), leaves, fresh Markhamia (Markhamia acuminata (Klotzsch) K. Schum.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Maytenus (Maytenus senegalensis), leaves, fresh Maytenus (Maytenus senegalensis (Lam.) Exell.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Melaleuca (Melaleuca leucadendron), aerial part, fresh Melaleuca (Melaleuca leucadendron L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Molasses grass (Melinis minutiflora), aerial part, fresh Molasses grass (Melinis minutiflora Beauv.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Melinis (Melinis tenuissima), aerial part, fresh Melinis (Melinis tenuissima Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Melochia (Melochia odorata), aerial part, fresh Melochia (Melochia odorata L.), leaves and stems, fresh
Fresh forages Microsorum (Microsorum punctatum), leaves, fresh Microsorum (Microsorum punctatum (L.) Copel.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Giant sensitive (Mimosa invisa), leaves, stems and flowers, fresh Giant sensitive (Mimosa invisa Colla), leaves, stems and flowers, fresh
Fresh forages Miscanthus (Miscanthus sinensis), aerial part, fresh Miscanthus (Miscanthus sinensis Anderss.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Mitracarpus (Mitracarpus scaber), aerial part, fresh Mitracarpus (Mitracarpus scaber Zuec.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Mitragyna (Mitragyna inermis), leaves, fresh Mitragyna (Mitragyna inermis (Willd.) O. Kuntze), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Moltkiopsis (Moltkiopsis ciliata), aerial part, fresh Moltkiopsis (Moltkiopsis ciliata (Forssk.) IM. Johnston), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Monocymbium (Monocymbium ceresiiforme), aerial part, fresh Monocymbium (Monocymbium ceresiiforme (Nees) Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Morinda (Morinda citrifolia), leaves, stems and fruits, fresh Morinda (Morinda citrifolia L.), leaves, stems and fruits, fresh
Fresh forages Morinda (Morinda lucida), aerial part, fresh Morinda (Morinda lucida Benth.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages White mulberry (Morus alba), aerial part, fresh White mulberry (Morus alba L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Velvet bean (Mucuna pruriens), aerial part, fresh Velvet bean (Mucuna pruriens (L.) DC.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Mucuna (Mucuna platyphylla), aerial part, fresh Mucuna (Mucuna platyphylla A. Gray), leaves and stems, fresh
Fresh forages Mussaenda (Mussaenda landolphioides), aerial part, fresh Mussaenda (Mussaenda landolphioides Wernham), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Nauclea (Nauclea latifolia), aerial part, fresh Nauclea (Nauclea latifolia Smith), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Neptunia (Neptunia oleracea), aerial part, fresh Neptunia (Neptunia oleracea Lour.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Neurada (Neurada procumbens), aerial part, fresh Neurada (Neurada procumbens L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Nitraria (Nitraria retusa), aerial part, fresh Nitraria (Nitraria retusa (Forssk.) Asch.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Olive leaves, fresh Olive leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Bamboo (Oxytenanthera abyssinica), aerial part, fresh Bamboo (Oxytenanthera abyssinica (A.Rich.) Munro), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Bamboo (Oxytenanthera abyssinica), leaves, fresh Bamboo (Oxytenanthera abyssinica (A.Rich.) Munro), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Panic (Steinchisma laxum), leaves and flowers, fresh Panic (Steinchisma laxum (Sw.) Zuloaga), leaves and flowers, fresh
Fresh forages Parinari (Parinari curatellifolia), leaves, fresh Parinari (Parinari curatellifolia Planch. ex Benth.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Parkinsonia (Parkinsonia aculeata), aerial part, fresh Parkinsonia (Parkinsonia aculeata L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Paronychia (Paronychia arabica), aerial part, fresh Paronychia (Paronychia arabica (L.) DC.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Paspalum (Paspalum plicatulum), aerial part, fresh Paspalum (Paspalum plicatulum Michx), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Passion fruit (Passiflora edulis), aerial part, fresh Passion fruit (Passiflora edulis Sims), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Passion fruit (Passiflora edulis), stems, fresh Passion fruit (Passiflora edulis Sims), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Sweet potato (Ipomoea batatas), aerial part, fresh Sweet potato (Ipomoea batatas (L.) Lam.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Paullinia (Paullinia pinnata), leaves, fresh Paullinia (Paullinia pinnata L.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Peltophorum (Peltophorum pterocarpum), aerial part, fresh Peltophorum (Peltophorum pterocarpum (DC.) Backer ex K. Heyne), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Pearl millet (Pennisetum glaucum), brewers grains Pearl millet (Pennisetum glaucum (L.) R. Br.), brewers' grains
Fresh forages Pennisetum (Pennisetum subangustum), leaves and flowers, fresh Pennisetum (Pennisetum subangustum Stapf & CE. Hubb.), leaves and flowers, fresh
Fresh forages Pericopsis (Pericopsis laxiflora), leaves, fresh Pericopsis (Pericopsis laxiflora (Benth. ex Bak.) van Meeuwensyn), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Periploca (Periploca laevigata), aerial part, fresh Periploca (Periploca laevigata Ait.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Petalostylis (Petalostylis labicheoides), aerial part, fresh Petalostylis (Petalostylis labicheoides R. Br.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Reed (Phragmites mauritianus), aerial part, fresh Reed (Phragmites mauritianus Kunth), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Phyllanthus (Phyllanthus muellerianus), aerial part, fresh Phyllanthus (Phyllanthus muellerianus (Kuntze) Exell), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Phyllanthus (Phyllanthus muellerianus), stems, fresh Phyllanthus (Phyllanthus muellerianus (Kuntze) Exell), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Pipturus (Pipturus argenteus), aerial part, fresh Pipturus (Pipturus argenteus (G. Forst.) Wedd.), leaves and stems, fresh
Fresh forages Manila tamarind (Pithecellobium dulce), aerial part, fresh Manila tamarind (Pithecellobium dulce (Roxb.) Benth.), leaves and stems, fresh
Fresh forages Plantain (Plantago albicans), aerial part, fresh Plantain (Plantago albicans L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Podonephelium (Podonephelium homei), aerial part, fresh Podonephelium (Podonephelium homei (Seemann) Radlk.), leaves and stems, fresh
Fresh forages Cajan pea (Cajanus cajan), leaves, fresh Cajan pea (Cajanus cajan (L.) Huth), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Polycarpaea (Polycarpaea repens), aerial part, fresh Polycarpaea (Polycarpaea repens (Forssk.) Asch. & Schweinf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Pseudarthria (Pseudarthria hookeri), leaves, dry Pseudarthria (Pseudarthria hookeri Wight & Arn.), leaves, dry
Fresh forages Pseudocedrela (Pseudocedrela kotschyi), leaves, fresh Pseudocedrela (Pseudocedrela kotschyi (Schweinf.) Harms), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Psorospermum (Psorospermum febrifugum), leaves, fresh Psorospermum (Psorospermum febrifugum Spach), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Psorospermum (Psorospermum febrifugum), stems, fresh Psorospermum (Psorospermum febrifugum Spach), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Pteleopsis (Pteleopsis suberosa), leaves, fresh Pteleopsis (Pteleopsis suberosa Baill.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Pterocarpus (Pterocarpus erinaceus), aerial part, fresh Pterocarpus (Pterocarpus erinaceus Poir.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Pterocarpus (Pterocarpus santalinoides), aerial part, fresh Pterocarpus (Pterocarpus santalinoides DC.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Tropical kudzu (Pueraria phaseoloides), aerial part, fresh Tropical kudzu (Pueraria phaseoloides (Roxb.) Benth. var. javanica (Benth.) Baker), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Kudzu (Pueraria montana), aerial part, fresh Kudzu (Pueraria montana (Lour.) Merr.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Kudzu (Pueraria montana), stems, fresh Kudzu (Pueraria montana (Lour.) Merr.), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Retama (Retama raetam), aerial part, fresh Retama (Retama raetam (Forssk.) Webb), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Rhanterium (Rhanterium eppaposum), aerial part, fresh Rhanterium (Rhanterium eppaposum Oliv.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Rhigozum (Rhigozum somalense), leaves, fresh Rhigozum (Rhigozum somalense Hallier f.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Rhigozum (Rhigozum somalense), stems, fresh Rhigozum (Rhigozum somalense Hallier f.), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Mangrove tree (Rhizophora spp.), leaves, fresh Mangrove tree (Rhizophora spp.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Sumac (Rhus tripartita), aerial part, fresh Sumac (Rhus tripartita (Ucria) DC.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Ruprechtia (Ruprechtia triflora), aerial part, fresh Ruprechtia (Ruprechtia triflora Griseb.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Wild cane (Saccharum spontaneum), aerial part, fresh Wild cane (Saccharum spontaneum L.), leaves and stems, fresh
Fresh forages Salacia (Salacia senegalensis), leaves, fresh Salacia (Salacia senegalensis (Lam.) DC.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Salsola (Salsola baryosma), shoots, fresh Salsola (Salsola baryosma (Schultes) Dandy), shoots, fresh
Fresh forages Salsola (Salsola glauca), aerial part, fresh Salsola (Salsola glauca M. Bieb), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Salsola (Salsola spinescens), aerial part, fresh Salsola (Salsola spinescens Moq.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Salsola (Salsola tetrandra), aerial part, fresh Salsola (Salsola tetrandra Forssk.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Saltbush (Salvadora persica), branches, fresh Saltbush (Salvadora persica Garc.), branches, fresh
Fresh forages Saltbush (Salvadora persica), aerial part, fresh Saltbush (Salvadora persica Garc.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Savignya (Savignya parviflora), aerial part, fresh Savignya (Savignya parviflora (Del.) Webb), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Schleinitzia (Schleinitzia insularum), aerial part, fresh Schleinitzia (Schleinitzia insularum (Guillemin) Burkart), leaves and stems, fresh
Fresh forages Schismus (Schismus barbatus), aerial part, fresh Schismus (Schismus barbatus (L.) Thell.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Schouwia (Schouwia schimperi), branches, fresh Schouwia (Schouwia schimperi Jaub. et Spach), branches, fresh
Fresh forages Thistle (Scolymus hispanicus L.), aerial part, fresh Thistle (Scolymus hispanicus L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Scrophulaire (Scrophularia hypericifolia), aerial part, fresh Scrophulaire (Scrophularia hypericifolia Wydler), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Securidaca (Securidaca longepedunculata), leaves, fresh Securidaca (Securidaca longepedunculata Fresen), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Securidaca (Securidaca longepedunculata), leaves and seeds, fresh Securidaca (Securidaca longepedunculata Fresen), leaves and seeds, fresh
Fresh forages Securinega (Securinega virosa), aerial part, fresh Securinega (Securinega virosa (Roxb. ex Willd.) Baill.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Seidlitzia (Seidlitzia rosmarinus), aerial part, fresh Seidlitzia (Seidlitzia rosmarinus Boiss.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Serianthes (Serianthes sachetae), aerial part, fresh Serianthes (Serianthes sachetae Fosb.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Schimpera (Schimpera arabica), aerial part, fresh Schimpera (Schimpera arabica Hochst. & Steud. ex. Boiss.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Sida (Sida alba), aerial part, fresh Sida (Sida alba L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Wild mustard (Sinapis arvensis), aerial part, fresh Mustard (Sinapis arvensis L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Morelle (Solanum mauritianum), aerial part, fresh Morelle (Solanum mauritianum Scop.), leaves and stems, fresh
Fresh forages Sorghum leaves, fresh Sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench) leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Spermacoce (Spermacoce radiata), aerial part, fresh Spermacoce (Spermacoce radiata (DC.) Hiern), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Spermacoce (Spermacoce stachydea), aerial part, fresh Spermacoce (Spermacoce stachydea DC.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Spondias (Spondias mombin), aerial part, fresh Spondias (Spondias mombin Jacq.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Sterculia (Sterculia setigera), aerial part, fresh Sterculia (Sterculia setigera Baill.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Stereospermum (Stereospermum kunthianum), leaves, fresh Stereospermum (Stereospermum kunthianum Cham.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Stipa (Stipa capensis), aerial part, fresh Stipa (Stipa capensis Thunb.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Meryta (Meryta denhami), leaves, fresh Meryta (Meryta denhamii Seem.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Strophantus (Strophantus sarmentosus), leaves, fresh Strophantus (Strophantus sarmentosus P. DC.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Strychnos (Strychnos innocua), aerial part, fresh Strychnos (Strychnos innocua Del.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Strychnos (Strychnos spinosa), leaves, fresh Strychnos (Strychnos spinosa Lam.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Strychnos (Strychnos spinosa), aerial part, fresh Strychnos (Strychnos spinosa Lam.), leaves and stems, fresh
Fresh forages Strychnos (Strychnos spinosa), shoots, fresh Strychnos (Strychnos spinosa Lam.), shoots, fresh
Fresh forages Syzygium (Syzygium guineense), leaves, fresh Syzygium (Syzygium guineense (Willd.) DC.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Tamarind (Tamarindus indica), aerial part, fresh Tamarind (Tamarindus indica L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Tamarind (Tamarindus indica), stems Tamarind (Tamarindus indica L.), stems
Fresh forages Tamaris (Tamarix gallica), shoots, fresh Tamaris (Tamarix gallica L.), shoots, fresh
Fresh forages Tamaris (Tamarix senegalensis), aerial part, fresh Tamaris (Tamarix senegalensis DC.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Tamaris (Tamarix spp.), aerial part, fresh Tamaris (Tamarix spp.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Tapinanthus (Tapinanthus globiferus), leaves and flowers, fresh Tapinanthus (Tapinanthus globiferus (A. Rich.) Tiegh.), leaves and flowers, fresh
Fresh forages Taro (Colocasia esculenta), leaves, fresh Taro (Colocasia esculenta (L.) Schott), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Terminalia (Terminalia avicennioides), leaves, fresh Terminalia (Terminalia avicennioides Guill. & Perr.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Terminalia (Terminalia avicennioides), aerial part, fresh Terminalia (Terminalia avicennioides Guill. & Perr.), leaves and stems, fresh
Fresh forages Terminalia (Terminalia brownii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of terminalia (Terminalia brownii Fresen)
Fresh forages Terminalia (Terminalia glaucescens), leaves, fresh Terminalia (Terminalia glaucescens Planch. ex Benth.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Terminalia (Terminalia laxiflora), leaves, fresh Terminalia (Terminalia laxiflora Engl. & Diels), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Tetracera (Tetracera alnifolia), leaves, fresh Tetracera (Tetracera alnifolia Willd.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Tetrorchidium (Tetrorchidium didymostemon), aerial part, fresh, fresh Tetrorchidium (Tetrorchidium didymostemon (Baill.) Pax & K. Hoffm.), aerial part, fresh, fresh
Fresh forages Teucrium (Teucrium oliverianum), aerial part, fresh Teucrium (Teucrium oliverianum Ging. ex Benth.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Ulla grass (Themeda gigantea), aerial part, fresh Ulla grass (Themeda gigantea (Cav.) Hack.); aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Tipuana (Tipuana tipu), aerial part, fresh Tipuana (Tipuana tipu Kuntze), leaves and stems, fresh
Fresh forages Sunflower leaves, fresh Sunflower leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Sunflower heads, with seeds Sunflower (Helianthus annuus L.) heads, with seeds
Fresh forages Sunflower, aerial part, fresh Sunflower (Helianthus annuus L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages African bur grass (Tragus berteronianus), aerial part, fresh African bur grass (Tragus berteronianus Schult.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Tragus (Tragus racemosus), aerial part, fresh Tragus (Tragus racemosus (L.) Allioni), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Trianthema (Trianthema portulacastrum), aerial part, fresh Trianthema (Trianthema portulacastrum L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Tribulus (Tribulus terrestris), aerial part, fresh Tribulus (Tribulus terrestris L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Trichilia (Trichilia roka), leaves, fresh Trichilia (Trichilia roka (Forssk.) Chiov.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Triumfetta (Triumfetta cordifolia), aerial part, fresh Triumfetta (Triumfetta cordifolia A. Rich.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Triumfetta (Triumfetta pentandra), aerial part, fresh Triumfetta (Triumfetta pentandra A. Rich.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Usteria (Usteria guineensis), leaves, fresh Usteria (Usteria guineensis Willd.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Uvaria (Uvaria chamae), leaves, fresh Uvaria (Uvaria chamae P. Beauv.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Vernonia (Vernonia conferta), aerial part, fresh Vernonia (Vernonia conferta Benth.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Vernonia (Vernonia kotschyana), aerial part, fresh Vernonia (Vernonia kotschyana Sch.-Bip), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Sheanut (Vitellaria paradoxa), aerial part, fresh Sheanut (Vitellaria paradoxa C. F. Gaertn.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Vitex (Vitex chrysocarpa), leaves, fresh Vitex (Vitex chrysocarpa Baill.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Vitex (Vitex doniana), aerial part, fresh Vitex (Vitex doniana Sweet), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Vitex (Vitex madiensis), aerial part, fresh Vitex (Vitex madiensis Oliv.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Vitex (Vitex simplicifolia), aerial part, fresh Vitex (Vitex simplicifolia Oliv.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Vossia (Vossia cuspidata Griff.), aerial part, fresh Vossia (Vossia cuspidata Griff.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Waltheria (Waltheria indica), aerial part, fresh Waltheria (Waltheria indica L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Malanga (Xanthosoma sagittifolium), aerial part, fresh Malanga (Xanthosoma sagittifolium (L.) Schott.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Zilla (Zilla spinosa), aerial part, fresh Zilla (Zilla spinosa (Turra) Prantl), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Jujube (Ziziphus abyssinica), aerial part, fresh Jujube (Ziziphus abyssinica Hochst. ex A. Rich.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Jujube (Ziziphus abyssinica), stems, fresh Jujube (Ziziphus abyssinica Hochst. ex A. Rich.), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Jujube (Ziziphus joazeiro), aerial part, fresh Jujube (Ziziphus joazeiro Mart.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Indian jujube (Ziziphus mauritiana), aerial part, fresh Indian jujube (Ziziphus mauritiana Lam.),  aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Buffalo thorn (Ziziphus mucronata), aerial part, fresh Buffalo thorn (Ziziphus mucronata Willd.), leaves and stems, fresh
Fresh forages Zornia (Zornia glabra), aerial part, fresh Zornia (Zornia glabra Desv.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Zornia (Zornia glochidiata), aerial part, fresh Zornia (Zornia glochidiata DC.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Zygophyllum (Zygophyllum spp.), aerial part, fresh Zygophyllum (Zygophyllum spp.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Zygophyllum (Zygophyllum waterlotii), aerial part, fresh Zygophyllum (Zygophyllum waterlotii Maire), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Prickly amaranth (Amaranthus spinosus), aerial part, fresh Prickly amaranth (Amaranthus spinosus L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Sugarcane tops, dry matter 60-80% Sugarcane tops, dry matter 60-80%
Fresh forages Maize, aerial part, immature, fresh Fresh aerial part (whole plant) of maize (Zea mays L.), immature
Fresh forages Chicory (Cichorium intybus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of chicory (Cichorium intybus L.).
Fresh forages Borago (Borago officinalis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of borago (Borago officinalis L.).
Fresh forages Plantain (Plantago lanceolata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of plantain (Plantago lanceolata L.).
Fresh forages Natural grassland, brome and white clover, fresh Fresh aerial part of grass from natural grassland, brome (Bromus spp.) and white clover (Trifolium repens L.).
Fresh forages Brome and red clover, fresh Fresh aerial part of brome (Bromus spp.) and red clover (Trifolium repens L.).
Fresh forages Grass and legume, fresh Fresh aerial part of grass and legumes.
Fresh forages Alfalfa and grass, Poaceae, fresh Fresh aerial part of grass (Poacea) and alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.).
Fresh forages Azolla (Azolla spp.), whole plant, fresh Azolla (Azolla spp.), whole plant, fresh
Fresh forages Silver saltbush (Atriplex rhagodioides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of silver saltbush (Atriplex rhagodioides F. Muell.).
Fresh forages Senna (Senna artemisioides), aerial part, fresh Senna (Senna artemisioides (Gaudich. ex DC.) Randell), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Coronilla (Coronilla glauca), aerial part, fresh Aerial part of coronilla (Coronilla glauca L.).
Fresh forages Poppy, aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of poppy (Papaver somniferum L.).
Fresh forages Pear tree, aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of pear tree (Pyrus communis L.).
Fresh forages Grapevine branches and leaves, dry Dry branches and leaves of grapevine (Vitis vinifera L.).
Fresh forages Kapok bush (Aerva javanica), aerial part, fresh Kapok bush (Aerva javanica (Burm. f.) Juss. ex Schult.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Banana leaves, fresh Banana leaves, fresh (Musa spp.)
Fresh forages Sugarcane leaves, fresh Sugarcane leaves, fresh (Saccharum officinarum L.)
Fresh forages Breadnut (Brosimum alicastrum), aerial part, fresh Breadnut (Brosimum alicastrum Swartz), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Sugar palm (Borassus flabellifer), leaves, fresh Sugar palm (Borassus flabellifer L.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Ramie (Boehmeria nivea), aerial part, fresh Ramie (Boehmeria nivea (L.) Gaudich.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Canna (Canna indica), aerial part, fresh Canna (Canna indica L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Sissoo (Dalbergia sissoo), aerial part, fresh Sissoo (Dalbergia sissoo Roxb.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Rose of China (Hibiscus rosa-sinensis), aerial part, fresh Rose of China (Hibiscus rosa-sinensis L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Russian comfrey (Symphytum ×uplandicum), aerial part, fresh Russian comfrey (Symphytum ×uplandicum Nyman), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Camphor bush (Tarchonanthus camphoratus), aerial part, fresh Camphor bush (Tarchonanthus camphoratus L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Zaleya (Zaleya pentandra), aerial part, fresh Zaleya (Zaleya pentandra (L.) C. Jeffrey), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Sal (Shorea robusta), leaves, fresh Sal (Shorea robusta C. F. Gaertn.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Cotton plant, aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of the cotton plant (Gossypium spp.)
Fresh forages Mexican sunflower (Tithonia diversifolia), aerial part, fresh Mexican sunflower (Tithonia diversifolia (Hemsl.) A. Gray), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Water spinach (Ipomoea aquatica), aerial part, fresh Water spinach (Ipomoea aquatica Forssk.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Tama bamboo (Dendrocalamus hamiltonii), leaves, fresh Tama bamboo (Dendrocalamus hamiltonii Nees & Arn. ex Munro), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Delonix (Delonix elata), aerial part, fresh Delonix (Delonix elata (L.) Gamble), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Sugarcane, aerial part, urea-treated, fresh Sugarcane, aerial part, urea-treated, fresh (Saccharum officinarum L.)
Fresh forages Erect spiderling (Boerhavia erecta), aerial part, fresh Erect spiderling (Boerhavia erecta L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Socarillo (Dorycnium pentaphyllum), aerial part, fresh Socarillo (Dorycnium pentaphyllum Scop.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Salad burnet (Sanguisorba minor), aerial part, fresh Salad burnet (Sanguisorba minor Scop.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Banana sheath, fresh Banana sheath, fresh (Musa spp.)
Fresh forages Caesarweed (Urena lobata), leaves, fresh Caesarweed (Urena lobata L.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Jojoba (Simmondsia chinensis), leaves, fresh Jojoba (Simmondsia chinensis (Link) C. K. Schneid.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Alkali seepweed (Suaeda vera), aerial part, fresh Alkali seepweed (Suaeda vera Forssk. ex J. F. Gmel.), aerial part, fresh. Synonym: Suaeda fruticosa (L.) Forssk.
Fresh forages Ximenia (Ximenia americana), aerial part, fresh Ximenia (Ximenia americana L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Taro (Colocasia esculenta), leaves, cooked Taro (Colocasia esculenta (L.) Schott), leaves, cooked
Fresh forages Taro (Colocasia esculenta), leaves, soaked Taro (Colocasia esculenta (L.) Schott), leaves, soaked
Fresh forages Indian laurel (Litsea glutinosa), stems, fresh Indian laurel (Litsea glutinosa (Lour.) Robins.), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Skunkvine (Paederia foetida), aerial part, fresh Skunkvine (Paederia foetida L), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Indian catmint (Anisomeles indica), leaves, fresh Indian catmint (Anisomeles indica (Linnaeus) Kuntze), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Cotoneaster (Cotoneaster nummularia), leaves, fresh Cotoneaster (Cotoneaster nummularia Fisch. & Mey.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Dar (Debregeasia salicifolia), leaves, fresh Dar (Debregeasia salicifolia (D. Don) Rendle), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Date-plum (Diospyros lotus), leaves, fresh Date-plum (Diospyros lotus L.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Impatiens (Impatiens bicolor), leaves, fresh Impatiens (Impatiens bicolor Royle), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Wedelia (Wedelia spp.), aerial part, fresh Wedelia (Wedelia spp.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Malvaviscus (Malvaviscus penduliflorus), aerial part, fresh Malvaviscus (Malvaviscus penduliflorus DC.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Cotton plant, aerial part, ammonia-treated Cotton plant, aerial part, ammonia-treated (Gossypium spp.)
Fresh forages Bastard cedar (Guazuma ulmifolia), aerial part, fresh Bastard cedar (Guazuma ulmifolia Lam.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Mamoncillo (Aeluropus lagopoides), aerial part, fresh Mamoncillo (Aeluropus lagopoides (L.) Thwaites), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Garland chrysanthemum (Glebionis coronaria), aerial part, fresh Garland chrysanthemum (Glebionis coronaria (L.) Cass. ex Spach), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Cicer milk vetch (Astragalus cicer), aerial part, fresh Cicer milk vetch (Astragalus cicer L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Crown vetch (Securigera varia), aerial part, fresh Crown vetch (Securigera varia (L.) Lassen), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Camelina (Camelina sativa), aerial part, fresh Camelina (Camelina sativa (L.) Crantz), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Boscia (Boscia foetida), aerial part, fresh Boscia (Boscia foetida Schinz), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Combretum (Combretum hereroense), aerial part, fresh Combretum (Combretum hereroense Schinz), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Maytenus (Maytenus senegalensis), aerial part, fresh Maytenus (Maytenus senegalensis (Lam.) Exell.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Terminalia (Terminalia sericea), aerial part, fresh Terminalia (Terminalia sericea Burch. ex DC.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Bladethorn (Senegalia cinerea), aerial part, fresh Bladethorn (Senegalia cinerea (Schinz) Kyal. & Boatwr.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Puzzle bush (Ehretia rigida), aerial part, fresh Puzzle bush (Ehretia rigida Druce), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Small-leaved guarri (Euclea undulata), aerial part, fresh Small-leaved guarri (Euclea undulata Thunb.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Ochna (Ochna pulchra), aerial part, fresh Ochna (Ochna pulchra Hook.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages African wattle (Peltophorum africanum), aerial part, fresh African wattle (Peltophorum africanum Sond.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Diospyros (Diospyros lycioides), aerial part, fresh Diospyros (Diospyros lycioides Desf.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Dombeya (Dombeya rotundifolia), aerial part, fresh Dombeya (Dombeya rotundifolia Planch.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Lippia (Lippia scaberrima), aerial part, fresh Lippia (Lippia scaberrima Sond.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Pergularia (Pergularia tomentosa), aerial part, fresh Pergularia (Pergularia tomentosa L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Aframomum (Aframomum alboviolaceum), aerial part, fresh Aframomum (Aframomum alboviolaceum (Ridl.) K.Schum.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Green amaranth (Amaranthus hybridus), aerial part, fresh Green amaranth (Amaranthus hybridus L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Artillery plant (Pilea microphylla), aerial part, fresh Artillery plant (Pilea microphylla (L.) Liebm.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Broomweed (Sida acuta), aerial part, fresh Broomweed (Sida acuta Burm. f.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Creeping spiderwort (Commelina diffusa), aerial part, fresh Creeping spiderwort (Commelina diffusa Burm. f.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Ethiopian banana (Ensete ventricosum), leaves, fresh Ethiopian banana (Ensete ventricosum (Welw.) Cheesman), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Ethiopian banana (Ensete ventricosum), whole plant (including corms), fresh Ethiopian banana (Ensete ventricosum (Welw.) Cheesman), whole plant (including corms), fresh
Fresh forages Ethiopian banana (Ensete ventricosum), pseudostem, fresh Ethiopian banana (Ensete ventricosum (Welw.) Cheesman), pseudostem, fresh
Fresh forages Milkweed (Euphorbia heterophylla), aerial part, fresh Milkweed (Euphorbia heterophylla L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Cinderella weed (Synedrella nodiflora), aerial part, fresh Cinderella weed (Synedrella nodiflora (L.) Gaertn.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Waterleaf (Talinum fruticosum), aerial part, fresh Waterleaf (Talinum fruticosum (L.) Juss), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Flax, aerial part, fresh Flax, aerial part, fresh (Linum usitatissimum L.)
Fresh forages Tecticornia (Tecticornia indica), aerial part, fresh Tecticornia (Tecticornia indica (Willd.) K. A. Sheph. & Paul G. Wilson), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Datura (Datura metel), aerial part, fresh Datura (Datura metel L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Bay hops (Ipomoea pes-caprae), aerial part, fresh Bay hops (Ipomoea pes-caprae (L.) R. Br.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Nepeta (Nepeta suavis), aerial part, fresh Nepeta (Nepeta suavis Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Tropical reed (Phragmites karka), aerial part, fresh Tropical reed (Phragmites karka (Retz.) Trin. ex Steud.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Salsola (Salsola imbricata), aerial part, fresh Salsola (Salsola imbricata Forssk.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Suaeda (Suaeda monoica), aerial part, fresh Suaeda (Suaeda monoica Forssk. ex J. Gmelin), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Tamaris (Tamarix indica), aerial part, fresh Tamaris (Tamarix indica Willd.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Cattail (Typha domingensis), aerial part, fresh Cattail (Typha domingensis Pers.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Arboloco (Montanoa quadrangularis), aerial part, fresh Arboloco (Montanoa quadrangularis Sch. Bip.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Calabur tree (Muntingia calabura), aerial part, fresh Calabur tree (Muntingia calabura L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Nacedero (Trichanthera gigantea), aerial part, fresh Nacedero (Trichanthera gigantea Nees), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Mexican sunflower (Tithonia diversifolia), leaves, fresh Mexican sunflower (Tithonia diversifolia (Hemsl.) A. Gray), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Nacedero (Trichanthera gigantea), stems, fresh Nacedero (Trichanthera gigantea Nees), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Snowdenia (Snowdenia petitiana), aerial part, fresh Snowdenia (Snowdenia petitiana (A.Rich.) C.E.Hubb.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Wild tamarind (Lysiloma latisiliquum), aerial part, fresh Wild tamarind (Lysiloma latisiliquum (L.) Benth.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Annual sow thistle (Sonchus oleraceus), aerial part, fresh Annual sow thistle (Sonchus oleraceus L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Common purslane (Portulaca oleracea), aerial part, fresh Common purslane (Portulaca oleracea L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Moringa (Moringa oleifera), stems, fresh Moringa (Moringa oleifera Lam.), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Lantana (Lantana camara), aerial part, fresh Lantana (Lantana camara L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Mexican sunflower (Tithonia diversifolia), stems, fresh Mexican sunflower (Tithonia diversifolia (Hemsl.) A. Gray), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Brittlebush (Encelia farinosa), aerial part, fresh Brittlebush (Encelia farinosa A. Gray ex Torr.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Wild buckwheat (Eriogonum spp.), aerial part, fresh Wild buckwheat (Eriogonum sp.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Globe mallow (Sphaeralcea orcuttii), aerial part, fresh Globe mallow (Sphaeralcea orcuttii Rose), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Range ratany (Krameria erecta), aerial part, fresh Range ratany (Krameria erecta Willd. ex Schult. & Schult. f.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Biophytum (Biophytum umbraculum), leaves, fresh Biophytum (Biophytum umbraculum Welwitsch), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Caranda (Carissa carandas), leaves, fresh Caranda (Carissa carandas L.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Wood fern (Drypoteris spp.), leaves, fresh Wood fern (Dryopteris spp.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Blue morning glory (Ipomoea nil), leaves, fresh Blue morning glory (Ipomoea nil (L.) Roth), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Currybush (Bergera koenigii), leaves, fresh Currybush (Bergera koenigii L.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Common reed (Phragmites australis), aerial part, fresh Common reed (Phragmites australis (Cav.) Trin. ex Steud.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Tree of heaven (Ailanthus excelsa), aerial part, fresh Tree of heaven (Ailanthus excelsa Roxb.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Arrowroot (Maranta arundinacea), leaves, fresh Arrowroot (Maranta arundinacea L.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Berchemia (Berchemia discolor), aerial part, fresh Berchemia (Berchemia discolor (Klotzsch) Hemsl.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Tropical kudzu (Pueraria phaseoloides), aerial part, dry Tropical kudzu (Pueraria phaseoloides (Roxb.) Benth. var. javanica (Benth.) Baker), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Acanthus (Acanthus mollis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of acanthus (Acanthus mollis L.).
Fresh forages Century plant (Agave americana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of century plant (Agave americana L.)
Fresh forages Aphyllantes (Aphyllanthes monspeliensis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of aphyllantes (Aphyllanthes monspeliensis L.).
Fresh forages Mediterranean saltbush (Atriplex halimus), aerial part, fresh Mediterranean saltbush (Atriplex halimus L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Beet leaves, fresh Fresh beet leaves (Beta vulgaris L.).
Fresh forages Field marigold (Calendula arvensis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of field marigold (Calendula arvensis M.Bieb.)
Fresh forages Pumpkin, crop residues, fresh Pumpkin (Cucurbita pepo L.), crop residues, fresh
Fresh forages Artichoke leaves, fresh Fresh artichoke leaves (Cynara cardunculus L.).
Fresh forages Goosefoot (Chenopodium spp.), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of goosefoot (Chenopodium spp.)
Fresh forages Garden rocket (Eruca vesicaria), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of garden rocket (Eruca vesicaria (L.) Cav.)
Fresh forages Fennel (Foeniculum vulgare), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of fennel (Foeniculum vulgare Mill.)
Fresh forages Ivy (Hedera helix), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ivy (Hedera helix L.)
Fresh forages Cat's ear (Hypochaeris radicata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cat's ear (Hypochaeris radicata L.)
Fresh forages Forage kochia (Bassia prostrata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of kochia (Bassia prostrata (L.) Beck)
Fresh forages Albardine (Lygeum spartum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of albardine (Lygeum spartum Loefl. ex L.)
Fresh forages Mallow (Malva spp.), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of mallow (Malva spp.)
Fresh forages Violet cabbage (Moricandia arvensis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of violet cabbage (Moricandia arvensis (L.) DC.)
Fresh forages Bermuda buttercup (Oxalis pes-caprae), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of bermuda buttercup (Oxalis pes-caprae L.)
Fresh forages Bristly oxtongue (Helminthotheca echioides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of bristly oxtongue (Helminthotheca echioides (L.) Holub)
Fresh forages Hawkweed oxtongue (Picris hieracioides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of hawkweed oxtongue (Picris hieracioides Sibth. & Sm.)
Fresh forages Roman knotgrass (Polygonum romanum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of roman knotgrass (Polygonum romanum Jacq.)
Fresh forages Wild radish (Raphanus raphanistrum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of wild radish (Raphanus raphanistrum L.)
Fresh forages Rosemary (Rosmarinus officinalis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of rosemary (Rosmarinus officinalis L.)
Fresh forages Prickly saltwort (Salsola kali), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of prickly saltwort (Salsola kali L.)
Fresh forages Caterpillar plant (Scorpiurus muricatus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of caterpillar plant (Scorpiurus muricatus L.)
Fresh forages Potato tops, fresh Fresh aerial part of potato (Solanum tuberosum L)
Fresh forages Slender sowthistle (Sonchus tenerrimus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of slender sowthistle (Sonchus tenerrimus L.)
Fresh forages Esparto (Stipa tenacissima), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of esparto (Stipa tenacissima L.)
Fresh forages Suaeda (Suaeda spp.), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of suaeda (Suaeda spp.)
Fresh forages Felty germander (Teucrium polium), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of felty germander (Teucrium polium L.)
Fresh forages Thyme (Thymus sipyleus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of thyme (Thymus sipyleus Boiss.)
Fresh forages Thyme (Thymus vulgaris), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of thyme (Thymus vulgaris L.)
Fresh forages Fenugreek (Trigonella foenum-graecum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of fenugreek (Trigonella foenum-graecum L.)
Fresh forages Tree heath (Erica arborea), leaves fresh Fresh leaves of tree hearth (Erica arborea L.).
Fresh forages Grapevine shoots Dry shoots of grapevine (Vitis vinifera L.).
Fresh forages Eragrostis (Eragrostis rigidior), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of eragrostis (Eragrostis rigidior Pilg.)
Fresh forages Lehmann love grass (Eragrostis lehmanniana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of lehmann love grass (Eragrostis lehmanniana Nees)
Fresh forages Schmidtia (Schmidtia pappophoroides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of schmidtia (Schmidtia pappophoroides Steud.)
Fresh forages Chaff-flower (Achyranthes aspera), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of chaff-flower (Achyranthes aspera L.)
Fresh forages Celosia (Celosia anthelmintica), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of celosia (Celosia anthelmintica Ascherson)
Fresh forages Croton (Croton dichogamus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of croton (Croton dichogamus Pax)
Fresh forages Justicia (Justicia exigua), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of justicia (Justicia exigua S. Moore)
Fresh forages Leucas (Leucas microphylla), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of leucas (Leucas microphylla Vatke)
Fresh forages Phyllanthus (Phyllanthus guineensis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of phyllanthus (Phyllanthus guineensis Pax)
Fresh forages Thorn apple (Solanum incanum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of thorn apple (Solanum incanum L.)
Fresh forages Banana shoots, fresh Fresh shoots of banana tree (Musa x paradisiaca L.).
Fresh forages Bamboo (Dendrocalamus strictus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of bamboo (Dendrocalamus strictus (Roxb.) Nees)
Fresh forages Red moneywort (Alysicarpus rugosus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of red moneywort (Alysicarpus rugosus (Willd.) DC.)
Fresh forages Safflower (Carthamus tinctorius), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of Safflower (Carthamus tinctorius L.)
Fresh forages Dhak (Butea monosperma), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of dhak (Butea monosperma (Lam.) Taub.)
Fresh forages Holoptelea (Holoptelea integrifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of holoptelea (Holoptelea integrifolia (Roxb.) Planch.)
Fresh forages Ehretia (Ehretia laevis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ehretia (Ehretia laevis Roxb.)
Fresh forages Flacourtia (Flacourtia indica), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of flacourtia (Flacourtia indica (Burm. f.) Merr.)
Fresh forages Jharber (Ziziphus nummularia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of jharber (Ziziphus nummularia (Burm. f.) Wight & Arn.)
Fresh forages Bulbostylis (Bulbostylis hispidula), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of bulbostylis (Bulbostylis hispidula (Vahl) R.W.Haines)
Fresh forages Bulbostylis (Bulbostylis barbata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of bulbostylis (Bulbostylis barbata (Rottb.) C.B.Clarke)
Fresh forages Limeum (Limeum pterocarpum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of limeum (Limeum pterocarpum (J.Gay) Heimerl)
Fresh forages Limeum (Limeum viscosum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of limeum (Limeum viscosum (J.Gay) Fenzl)
Fresh forages Amaranth (Amaranthus graecizans), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of amaranth (Amaranthus graecizans L.)
Fresh forages Cockscomb (Celosia argentea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cockscomb (Celosia argentea L.)
Fresh forages Balsam apple (Momordica balsamina), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of Balsam apple (Momordica balsamina L.)
Fresh forages Pandiaka (Pandiaka involucrata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of pandiaka (Pandiaka involucrata (Moq.) B.D.Jacks.)
Fresh forages Monechma (Monechma ciliatum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of monechma (Monechma ciliatum (Jacq.) Milne-Redh.)
Fresh forages Watermelon (Citrullus lanatus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of watermelon (Citrullus lanatus (Thunb.) Matsun & Nakai)
Fresh forages Melon (Cucumis melo L.), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of melon (Cucumis melo L.)
Fresh forages Bungu (Ceratotheca sesamoides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of bungu (Ceratotheca sesamoides Endl.)
Fresh forages Wild cucumber (Cucumis prophetarum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of wild cucumber (Cucumis prophetarum L.)
Fresh forages Striga (Striga bilabiata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of striga (Striga bilabiata (Thunb.) Kuntze)
Fresh forages Sida (Sida ovata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sida (Sida ovata Forssk.)
Fresh forages Polycarpaea (Polycarpaea linearifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of polycarpaea (Polycarpaea linearifolia (DC.) DC.)
Fresh forages Water lily (Nymphaea micrantha), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of water lily (Nymphaea micrantha Guill. & Perr.)
Fresh forages Tickweed (Cleome viscosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of tickweed (Cleome viscosa L.)
Fresh forages African spiderflower (Gynandropsis gynandra), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of african spiderflower (Gynandropsis gynandra (L.) Briq.)
Fresh forages Polygala (Polygala irregularis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of polygala (Polygala irregularis Boiss.)
Fresh forages Euphorbia (Euphorbia convolvuloides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of euphorbia (Euphorbia convolvuloides Hochst. ex Benth.)
Fresh forages Phyllanthus (Phyllanthus pentandrus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of phyllanthus (Phyllanthus pentandrus Schumach. & Thonn.)
Fresh forages Sesame (Sesamum alatum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sesame (Sesamum alatum Thonn.)
Fresh forages Ipomoea (Ipomoea ficifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ipomoea (Ipomoea ficifolia Lindl.)
Fresh forages Merremia (Merremia tridentata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of merremia (Merremia tridentata (L.) Hallier f.)
Fresh forages Merremia (Merremia pinnata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of merremia (Merremia pinnata (Hochst. ex Choisy) Hallier f.)
Fresh forages Hairy clustervine (Jacquemontia tamnifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of hairy clustervine (Jacquemontia tamnifolia (L.) Griseb.)
Fresh forages Jacquemontia (Jacquemontia verticillata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of jacquemontia (Jacquemontia verticillata (L.) Urb.)
Fresh forages Ipomoea (Ipomoea vagans), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ipomoea (Ipomoea vagans Baker)
Fresh forages Nalta jute (Corchorus olitorius), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of nalta jute (Corchorus olitorius L.)
Fresh forages Hibiscus (Hibiscus asper), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of hibiscus (Hibiscus asper Hook. f.)
Fresh forages Dwarf morning glory (Evolvulus alsinoides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of dwarf morning glory (Evolvulus alsinoides (L.) L.)
Fresh forages Ceropegia (Ceropegia linophyllum), tuber, fresh Tuber of the ceropegia (Ceropegia linophyllum H.Hube), fresh
Fresh forages Ceropegia (Ceropegia linophyllum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ceropegia (Ceropegia linophyllum H.Hube)
Fresh forages Pupalia (Pupalia lappacea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of pupalia (Pupalia lappacea (L.) Juss.)
Fresh forages Ipomoea (Ipomoea kotschyana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ipomoea (Ipomoea kotschyana Hochst. ex Choisy)
Fresh forages Sicklebush (Dichrostachys cinerea), pods Sicklebush (Dichrostachys cinerea (L.) Wight & Arn.), pods
Fresh forages Bidens (Bidens pilosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of bidens (Bidens pilosa L.)
Fresh forages Quila (Chusquea quila), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of quila (Chusquea quila Kunth), a bamboo species
Fresh forages Creeping saltbush (Atriplex semibaccata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of creeping saltbush (Atriplex semibaccata R.Br.)
Fresh forages Voqui colorado (Cissus striata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of voqui colorado (Cissus striata Ruiz & Pav.)
Fresh forages Erodium (Erodium botrys), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of erodium (Erodium botrys (Cav.) Bertol.)
Fresh forages Senna (Senna spectabilis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of senna (Senna spectabilis (DC.) H.S. Irwin & Barneby)
Fresh forages Telfairia (Telfairia occidentalis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of telfairia (Telfairia occidentalis Hook.f.)
Fresh forages Senna (Senna tora), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of senna (Senna tora (L.) Roxb.)
Fresh forages Dobera (Dobera glabra), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of dobera (Dobera glabra (Forssk.) Juss. ex Poir.)
Fresh forages Lycium (Lycium europaeum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of lycium (Lycium europaeum L.)
Fresh forages Momordica (Momordica trifoliolata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of momordica (Momordica trifoliolata Hook. f.)
Fresh forages Opilia (Opilia campestris), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of opilia (Opilia campestris Engl.)
Fresh forages Salsola (Salsola dendroides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of salsola (Salsola dendroides Pall.)
Fresh forages Sclerocarpus (Sclerocarpus africanus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sclerocarpus (Sclerocarpus africanus Jacq. ex Murray)
Fresh forages Sericocomopsis (Sericocomopsis hildebrandtii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sericocomopsis (Sericocomopsis hildebrandtii Schinz)
Fresh forages Agelanthus (Agelanthus sansibarensis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of agelanthus (Agelanthus sansibarensis (Engl.) Polhill & Wiens)
Fresh forages Sageretia (Sageretia thea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sageretia (Sageretia thea (Osbeck) M.C. Johnst.)
Fresh forages Feathery bamboo (Bambusa vulgaris), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of feathery bamboo (Bambusa vulgaris Schrad.)
Fresh forages Rose periwkinke (Catharanthus roseus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of rose periwkinke (Catharanthus roseus (L.) G.Don)
Fresh forages Shingle flatsedge (Cyperus imbricatus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of shingle flatsedge (Cyperus imbricatus Retz)
Fresh forages Agave (Agave atrovirens), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of agave (Agave atrovirens Karw. ex Salm-Dyck)
Fresh forages Potato tree (Solanum erianthum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of potato tree (Solanum erianthum D. Don)
Fresh forages Yacon (Smallanthus sonchifolius), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of yacon (Smallanthus sonchifolius (Poepp.) H.Rob.)
Fresh forages Mung bean (Vigna radiata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of mung bean (Vigna radiata (L.) R. Wilczek)
Fresh forages Mung bean (Vigna radiata), haulm Mung bean (Vigna radiata (L.) R. Wilczek), haulm
Fresh forages Plantain banana shoots, fresh Plantain banana shoots, fresh
Fresh forages Whitespot giant arum (Amorphophallus paeoniifolius), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of whitespot giant arum (Amorphophallus paeoniifolius (Dennst.) Nicolson)
Fresh forages Xanthophyllum (Xanthophyllum spp.), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of xanthophyllum (Xanthophyllum spp. xxx)
Fresh forages Woolly finger grass (Digitaria eriantha subsp. pentzii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of woolly finger grass (Digitaria eriantha subsp. pentzii (Stent) Kok)
Fresh forages Acanthus (Acanthus polystachius), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of acanthus (Acanthus polystachius Delile)
Fresh forages Broom (Genista spp.), aerial part, fresh Shrub of the broom family (Genista spp.), from Spain and Portugal.
Fresh forages Common smilax (Smilax aspera), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of common smilax (Smilax aspera L.)
Fresh forages Cyperus (Cyperus latifolius), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cyperus (Cyperus latifolius Poir.)
Fresh forages Cyperus (Cyperus spp.), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cyperus (Cyperus spp.)
Fresh forages Cytisus (Cytisus villosus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cytisus (Cytisus villosus Pourr.)
Fresh forages Bothriocline (Bothriocline longipes), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of bothriocline (Bothriocline longipes (Oliv. & Hiern) N.E.Br.)
Fresh forages Gymnanthemum (Gymnanthemum amygdalinum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of gymnanthemum (Gymnanthemum amygdalinum (Delile) Sch.Bip. ex Walp.)
Fresh forages Aveloz (Euphorbia tirucalli), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of aveloz (Euphorbia tirucalli L.)
Fresh forages Myrtle (Myrtus communis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of myrtle (Myrtus communis L.)
Fresh forages Slender cyperus (Cyperus distans), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of slender cyperus (Cyperus distans L.f.)
Fresh forages Alligator weed (Alternanthera philoxeroides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of alligator weed (Alternanthera philoxeroides (Mart.) Griseb.)
Fresh forages African sheepbush (Pentzia incana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of African sheepbush (Pentzia incana (Thunb.) Kuntze)
Fresh forages Fringed hibiscus (Hibiscus schizopetalus), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of fringed hibiscus (Hibiscus schizopetalus (Dyer) Hook.f.)
Fresh forages Good karoo (Phymaspermum parvifolium), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of good karoo (Phymaspermum parvifolium (DC.) Benth. & Hook. ex B.D.Jacks.)
Fresh forages Malanga (Xanthosoma sagittifolium), stems, fresh Malanga (Xanthosoma sagittifolium (L.) Schott.), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Okra (Abelmoschus esculentus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of okra (Abelmoschus esculentus (L.) Moench)
Fresh forages White goosefoot (Chenopodium album), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of white goosefoot (Chenopodium album L.)
Fresh forages Potato, aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of potato (Solanum tuberosum L.)
Fresh forages Prickly pear (Cylindropuntia spp.), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of prickly pear (Cylindropuntia spp.)
Fresh forages Yacon (Smallanthus sonchifolius), stems, fresh Dry stems of yacon (Smallanthus sonchifolius (Poepp.) H.Rob.)
Fresh forages Camphor bush (Tarchonanthus minor), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of camphor bush (Tarchonanthus minor Less.)
Fresh forages Celery (Apium graveolens), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of celery (Apium graveolens L.)
Fresh forages Crotalaria (Crotalaria micans), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of crotalaria (Crotalaria micans Link)
Fresh forages Euphorbia (Euphorbia coerulans), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of euphorbia (Euphorbia coerulans Pax)
Fresh forages Galenia (Galenia africana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of galenia (Galenia africana L.)
Fresh forages Leucosphaera (Leucosphaera bainesii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of leucosphaera (Leucosphaera bainesii (Hook.f.) Gilg)
Fresh forages Lyebush (Salsola aphylla), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of lyebush (Salsola aphylla L.f.)
Fresh forages Red bushwillow (Combretum apiculatum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of red bushwillow (Combretum apiculatum Sond.)
Fresh forages Red Rhodes grass (Eustachys paspaloides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of red Rhodes grass (Eustachys paspaloides (Vahl) Lanza & Mattei.)
Fresh forages Rhigozum (Rhigozum obovatum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of rhigozum (Rhigozum obovatum Burch.)
Fresh forages Salsola (Salsola glabrescens), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of salsola (Salsola glabrescens Burtt Davy)
Fresh forages Salsola (Salsola rabieana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of salsola (Salsola rabieana Verd.)
Fresh forages Acalypha (Acalypha fruticosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of acalypha (Acalypha fruticosa Forssk.)
Fresh forages Acalypha (Acalypha hispida), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of acalypha (Acalypha hispida Burm.f.)
Fresh forages Acalypha (Acalypha indica), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of acalypha (Acalypha indica L.)
Fresh forages Adenocarpus (Adenocarpus decorticans), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of adenocarpus (Adenocarpus decorticans Boiss.)
Fresh forages African birch (Anogeissus leiocarpa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of African birch (Anogeissus leiocarpa (DC.) Guill. & Perr.)
Fresh forages African elemi (Canarium schweinfurtii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of african elemi (Canarium schweinfurtii Engl.)
Fresh forages Agati (Sesbania grandiflora), flowers, fresh Fresh flowers of agati (Sesbania grandiflora (L.) Pers.)
Fresh forages Ajania (Ajania frigida), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ajania (Ajania frigida ?)
Fresh forages Blue flowered allium (Allium sikkimense), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of blue flowered allium (Allium sikkimense Baker)
Fresh forages Giant taro (Alocasia macrorrhizos), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of giant taro (Alocasia macrorrhizos (L.) G.Don)
Fresh forages Alpine bistort (Persicaria vivipara), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of alpine bistort (Persicaria vivipara (L.) Ronse Decr.)
Fresh forages Alysicarpus (Alysicarpus glumaceus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of alysicarpus (Alysicarpus glumaceus (Vahl) DC.)
Fresh forages Amaranth (Amaranthus spp.), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of amaranth (Amaranthus spp.)
Fresh forages Monarch redstem (Ammannia baccifera), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of monarch redstem (Ammannia baccifera L.)
Fresh forages Anaphalis (Anaphalis lactea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of anaphalis (Anaphalis lactea Maxim.)
Fresh forages Bamboo (Filgueirasia arenicola), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of bamboo (Filgueirasia arenicola (McClure) Guala)
Fresh forages Bamboo (Filgueirasia cannavieira), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of bamboo (Filgueirasia cannavieira (Alvaro da Silveira) Guala)
Fresh forages Billygoat weed (Ageratum conyzoides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of billygoat weed (Ageratum conyzoides (L.) L.)
Fresh forages Blepharis (Blepharis integrifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of blepharis (Blepharis integrifolia (L.f.) E.Mey. & Drège ex Schinz)
Fresh forages False buttonweed (Spermacoce verticillata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of false buttonweed (Spermacoce verticillata L.)
Fresh forages Cabbage palm (Cordyline fruticosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cabbage palm (Cordyline fruticosa (L.) A.Chev.)
Fresh forages Orchid tree (Bauhinia purpurea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of orchid tree (Bauhinia purpurea L.)
Fresh forages Caraway (Carum carvi), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of caraway (Carum carvi L.)
Fresh forages Carob, aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of carob (Ceratonia siliqua L.)
Fresh forages Cashew (Anacardium occidentale), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cashew (Anacardium occidentale L.)
Fresh forages Cayratia (Cayratia trifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cayratia (Cayratia trifolia (L.) Domin)
Fresh forages Pink rock-rose (Cistus creticus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of pink rock-rose (Cistus creticus L.)
Fresh forages Cistus (Cistus libanotis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cistus (Cistus libanotis L.)
Fresh forages Cleome (Cleome monophylla), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cleome (Cleome monophylla L.)
Fresh forages Clove (Syzygium aromaticum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of clove (Syzygium aromaticum (L.) Merr. & L.M.Perry)
Fresh forages Coatbuttons (Tridax procumbens), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of coatbuttons (Tridax procumbens (L.) L.)
Fresh forages Combretum (Combretum comosum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of combretum (Combretum comosum G.Don)
Fresh forages Commelina (Commelina spp.), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of commelina (Commelina spp.)
Fresh forages Creeping cinquefoil (Potentilla reptans), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of creeping cinquefoil (Potentilla reptans L.)
Fresh forages Creeping woodsorrel (Oxalis corniculata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of creeping woodsorrel (Oxalis corniculata L.)
Fresh forages Crossandra (Crossandra stenostachya), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of crossandra (Crossandra stenostachya (Lindau) C.B.Clarke)
Fresh forages Cyathula (Cyathula orthacantha), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cyathula (Cyathula orthacantha (Asch.) Schinz)
Fresh forages Darkbrown sedge (Carex atrofusca), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of darkbrown sedge (Carex atrofusca Schkuhr)
Fresh forages Dwarf bamboo (Pleioblastus argenteostriatus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of dwarf bamboo (Pleioblastus argenteostriatus (Regel) Nakai)
Fresh forages Ehretia (Ehretia obtusifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ehretia (Ehretia obtusifolia Hochst. ex A.DC.)
Fresh forages Fimbristylis (Fimbristylis eragrostis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of fimbristylis (Fimbristylis eragrostis (Nees) Hance)
Fresh forages Indian thorny bamboo (Bambusa bambos), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of indian thorny bamboo (Bambusa bambos (L.) Voss)
Fresh forages Ginger lily (Costus afer), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ginger lily (Costus afer Ker Gawl.)
Fresh forages Gliricidia (Gliricidia sepium), stems, fresh Fresh stems of gliricidia (Gliricidia sepium (Jacq.) Walp.)
Fresh forages Globularia (Globularia alypum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of globularia (Globularia alypum L.)
Fresh forages Glyphaea (Glyphaea brevis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of glyphaea (Glyphaea brevis (Spreng.) Monach.)
Fresh forages Gossypium (Gossypium longicalyx), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of gossypium (Gossypium longicalyx J.B.Hutch. & B.J.S.Lee)
Fresh forages Guar (Cyamopsis tetragonoloba), stems, fresh Fresh stems of guar (Cyamopsis tetragonoloba L.)
Fresh forages Gutenbergia (Gutenbergia cordifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of gutenbergia (Gutenbergia cordifolia Benth. ex Oliv.)
Fresh forages Haemorrhage plant (Aspilia africana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of haemorrhage plant (Aspilia africana (Pers.) C.D.Adams)
Fresh forages Harrisonia (Harrisonia spp.), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of harrisonia (Harrisonia spp.)
Fresh forages Helichrysum (Helichrysum stoechas), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of helichrysum (Helichrysum stoechas (L.) Moench)
Fresh forages Heliotropium (Heliotropium zeylanicum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of heliotropium (Heliotropium zeylanicum (Burm.f.) Lam.)
Fresh forages Ipomoea (Ipomoea cordofana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ipomoea (Ipomoea cordofana Choisy)
Fresh forages Ipomoea (Ipomoea eriocarpa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ipomoea (Ipomoea eriocarpa R. Br.)
Fresh forages Iroko (Milicia excelsa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of iroko (Milicia excelsa (Welw.) C.C.Berg)
Fresh forages Ivy gourd (Coccinia grandis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ivy gourd (Coccinia grandis (L.) Voigt)
Fresh forages Jack bean (Canavalia ensiformis), stems, fresh Fresh stems of jack bean (Canavalia ensiformis (L.) DC.)
Fresh forages Justicia (Justicia caerulea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of justicia (Justicia caerulea Forssk.)
Fresh forages Justicia (Justicia leptocarpa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of justicia (Justicia leptocarpa Lindau ex Engl.)
Fresh forages Kenaf (Hibiscus cannabinus), stems, fresh Fresh stems of kenaf (Hibiscus cannabinus L.)
Fresh forages Kleinia (Kleinia spp.), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of kleinia (Kleinia spp.)
Fresh forages Kobresia (Kobresia capillifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of kobresia (Kobresia capillifolia (Decne.) C.B.Clarke)
Fresh forages Kobresia (Kobresia humilis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of kobresia (Kobresia humilis (C.A.Mey. ex Trautv.) Serg.)
Fresh forages Kobresia (Kobresia pygmaea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of kobresia (Kobresia pygmaea (C.B.Clarke) C.B.Clarke)
Fresh forages Latundan banana (Musa acuminata × balbisiana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of latundan banana (Musa acuminata × balbisiana (AAB Group) Silk)
Fresh forages Leonotis (Leonotis nepetifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of leonotis (Leonotis nepetifolia (L.) R.Br.)
Fresh forages Leucas (Leucas aspera), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of leucas (Leucas aspera (Willd.) Link)
Fresh forages Maerua (Maerua sphaerocarpa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of maerua (Maerua sphaerocarpa Gilg)
Fresh forages Illipe (Madhuca longifolia), flowers, fresh Fresh flowers of illipe (Madhuca longifolia (Koenig) Macbr.)
Fresh forages Monechma (Monechma debile), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of monechma (Monechma debile (Forssk.) Nees)
Fresh forages Ochna (Ochna inermis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ochna (Ochna inermis (Forssk.) Schweinf. ex Penz.)
Fresh forages Para cress (Blainvillea acmella), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of para cress (Blainvillea acmella (L.) Philipson)
Fresh forages Pavonia (Pavonia burchellii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of pavonia (Pavonia burchellii (DC.) R.A.Dyer)
Fresh forages Perennial greenhead sedge (Kyllinga brevifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of perennial greenhead sedge (Kyllinga brevifolia Rottb.)
Fresh forages Persicaria (Persicaria nepalensis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of persicaria (Persicaria nepalensis (Meisn.) Miyabe)
Fresh forages Phillyrea (Phillyrea angustifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of phillyrea (Phillyrea angustifolia L.)
Fresh forages Large-leaf phillyrea (Phillyrea latifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of large-leaf phillyrea (Phillyrea latifolia L.)
Fresh forages Pineapple (Ananas comosus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of pineapple (Ananas comosus (L.) Merr.)
Fresh forages Prangos (Prangos uechtritzii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of prangos (Prangos uechtritzii Boiss. & Hausskn.)
Fresh forages Prangos (Prangos uechtritzii), stems, fresh Fresh stems of prangos (Prangos uechtritzii Boiss. & Hausskn.)
Fresh forages Prickly pear (Brasiliopuntia brasiliensis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part (cladodes) of prickly pear (Brasiliopuntia brasiliensis (Willd.) A.Berger)
Fresh forages Prickly pear (Opuntia elatior), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part (cladodes) of prickly pear (Opuntia elatior Mill.)
Fresh forages Buttercup (Ranunculus pulchellus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of buttercup (Ranunculus pulchellus C.A.Mey.)
Fresh forages Rauvolfia (Rauvolfia vomitoria), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of rauvolfia (Rauvolfia vomitoria Afzel.)
Fresh forages Red spiderling (Boerhavia diffusa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of red spiderling (Boerhavia diffusa L.)
Fresh forages Dasiphora (Dasiphora tenuifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of dasiphora (Dasiphora tenuifolia (Willd. ex Schltdl.) Y.C. Zhu)
Fresh forages Siam weed (Chromolaena odorata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of siam weed (Chromolaena odorata (L.) R.M.King & H.Rob.)
Fresh forages Southeastern primrose-willow (Ludwigia linifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of southeastern primrose-willow (Ludwigia linifolia Poir.)
Fresh forages Prickly sida (Sida spinosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of prickly sida (Sida spinosa L.)
Fresh forages Stonebreaker (Phyllanthus niruri), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of stonebreaker (Phyllanthus niruri L.)
Fresh forages Triadica (Triadica sebifera), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of triadica (Triadica sebifera (L.) Small)
Fresh forages Thespesia (Thespesia populnea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of thespesia (Thespesia populnea (L.) Sol. ex Corrêa)
Fresh forages Umbrella sedge (Cyperus iria), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of umbrella sedge (Cyperus iria L.)
Fresh forages Velvet bean (Mucuna pruriens), stems, fresh Fresh stems of velvet bean (Mucuna pruriens (L.) DC.)
Fresh forages Water hyacinth (Eichhornia crassipes), aerial part, silage Water hyacinth (Eichhornia crassipes (Mart.) Solms), aerial part, ensiled. Does not include the roots.
Fresh forages Winged yam (Dioscorea alata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of winged yam (Dioscorea alata L.)
Fresh forages Cassava, aerial part, wilted Wilted aerial part of cassava (Manihot esculenta Crantz).
Fresh forages Acmella (Acmella paniculata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of acmella (Acmella paniculata (Wall. ex DC.) R.K.Jansen)
Fresh forages Monochoria (Monochoria hastata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of monochoria (Monochoria hastata (L.) Solms)
Fresh forages Ashanti pepper (Piper guineense), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ashanti pepper (Piper guineense Schumach. & Thonn.)
Fresh forages Centella (Centella asiatica), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of centella (Centella asiatica (L.) Urb.)
Fresh forages Bridelia (Bridelia ferruginea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of bridelia (Bridelia ferruginea Benth.)
Fresh forages Broccoli (Brassica oleracea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of broccoli (Brassica oleracea L.)
Fresh forages Cassava (Manihot esculenta), stems, dry Dry stems of cassava (Manihot esculenta Crantz)
Fresh forages Cassava (Manihot esculenta), stumps, fresh Fresh stumps of cassava (Manihot esculenta Crantz)
Fresh forages Christmas rose (Combretum racemosum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of christmas rose (Combretum racemosum P.Beauv.)
Fresh forages Combretum (Combretum adenogonium), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of combretum (Combretum adenogonium Steud. ex A.Rich.)
Fresh forages Combretum (Combretum collinum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of combretum (Combretum collinum Fresen.)
Fresh forages Date (Phoenix dactylifera), floral stems, fresh Fresh floral stems of date (Phoenix dactylifera L.)
Fresh forages Dwarf date palm (Phoenix acaulis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of dwarf date palm (Phoenix acaulis Roxb.)
Fresh forages European waterclover (Marsilea quadrifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of european waterclover (Marsilea quadrifolia L.)
Fresh forages Fineleaf fumitory (Fumaria parviflora), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of fineleaf fumitory (Fumaria parviflora Lam.)
Fresh forages Water pennywort (Hydrocotyle ranunculoides), whole plant, fresh Fresh whole plant of water pennywort (Hydrocotyle ranunculoides L.f.)
Fresh forages Gardenia (Gardenia aqualla), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of gardenia (Gardenia aqualla Stapf & Hutch.)
Fresh forages Grapevine leaves, fresh Fresh leaves of grapevine (Vitis vinifera L.).
Fresh forages Hydrilla (Hydrilla spp.), whole plant, fresh Hydrilla (Hydrilla spp.), whole plant, fresh
Fresh forages Kiss me over the garden gate (Persicaria orientalis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of kiss me over the garden gate (Persicaria orientalis (L.) Spach)
Fresh forages Blumea (Blumea lacera), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of blumea (Blumea lacera (Burm.f.) DC.)
Fresh forages Tree cassava (Manihot carthaginensis subsp. glaziovii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of tree cassava (Manihot carthaginensis subsp. glaziovii (Müll.Arg.) Allem)
Fresh forages Murdannia (Murdannia nudiflora), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of murdannia (Murdannia nudiflora (L.) Brenan)
Fresh forages Water cabbage (Pistia stratiotes), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of water cabbage (Pistia stratiotes L.)
Fresh forages Water cabbage (Pistia stratiotes), whole plant, fresh Water cabbage (Pistia stratiotes L.), whole plant including the roots, fresh
Fresh forages Oil palm leaves, dry Oil palm (Elaeis guineensis Jacq.) dry
Fresh forages Phog (Calligonum polygonoides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of phog (Calligonum polygonoides L.)
Fresh forages Pornunça (Manihot carthaginensis x Manihot esculenta), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of pornunça (Manihot carthaginensis x Manihot esculenta)
Fresh forages Russian comfrey (Symphytum ×uplandicum), aerial part, wilted Russian comfrey (Symphytum ×uplandicum Nyman), aerial part, wilted
Fresh forages Salsola (Salsola foetida), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of salsola (Salsola foetida Delile)
Fresh forages Salvinia (Salvinia cucullata), whole plant, fresh Fresh whole salvinia (Salvinia cucullata Roxb.)
Fresh forages Scarlet pimpernel (Anagallis arvensis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of scarlet pimpernel (Anagallis arvensis L.)
Fresh forages Sessile joyweed (Alternanthera sessilis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sessile joyweed (Alternanthera sessilis (L.) R.Br. ex DC.)
Fresh forages Agripaume de Sibérie (Leonurus sibiricus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of agripaume de Sibérie (Leonurus sibiricus L.)
Fresh forages Smooth chaff flower (Alternanthera paronychioides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of smooth chaff flower (Alternanthera paronychioides A.St.-Hil.)
Fresh forages Soft-feather pappus grass (Enneapogon cenchroides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of soft-feather pappus grass (Enneapogon cenchroides (Licht. ex Roem. & Schult.) C.E.Hubb.)
Fresh forages Indiangrass (Sorghastrum nutans), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of indiangrass (Sorghastrum nutans (L.) Nash)
Fresh forages Sticky nightshade (Solanum sisymbriifolium), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sticky nightshade (Solanum sisymbriifolium Lam.)
Fresh forages Sugarcane tops, fresh, urea-treated Sugarcane tops, fresh, urea-treated
Fresh forages Native gooseberry (Physalis minima), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of native gooseberry (Physalis minima L.)
Fresh forages Sunflower stalks and head, dry, urea-treated Sunflower (Helianthus annuus L.) stalks and heads, urea-treated
Fresh forages Tomato (Solanum lycopersicum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of tomato (Solanum lycopersicum Karst.)
Fresh forages Tomato (Solanum lycopersicum), stems, fresh Fresh stems of tomato (Solanum lycopersicum Karst.)
Fresh forages Turkey berry (Solanum torvum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of turkey berry (Solanum torvum Sw.)
Fresh forages Water hyacinth (Eichhornia crassipes), aerial part, silage, with molasses and citrus pulp Water hyacinth (Eichhornia crassipes (Mart.) Solms), aerial part, ensiled with molasses and citrus pulp. Does not include the roots.
Fresh forages Water hyacinth (Eichhornia crassipes), aerial part, silage, with rice bran Water hyacinth (Eichhornia crassipes (Mart.) Solms), aerial part, ensiled with with rice bran. Does not include the roots.
Fresh forages Water hyacinth (Eichhornia crassipes), shoots, fresh Water hyacinth (Eichhornia crassipes (Mart.) Solms), shoots, fresh
Fresh forages Water hyacinth (Eichhornia crassipes), whole plant, fresh Water hyacinth (Eichhornia crassipes (Mart.) Solms), whole plant, fresh. Includes the roots
Fresh forages Water hyacinth (Eichhornia crassipes), whole plant, dry Water hyacinth (Eichhornia crassipes (Mart.) Solms), whole plant, dry. Includes the roots
Fresh forages Water primrose (Ludwigia adscendens), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of water primrose (Ludwigia adscendens (L.) H.Hara)
Fresh forages Water spinach (Ipomoea aquatica), stems, fresh Fresh stems of water spinach (Ipomoea aquatica Forssk.)
Fresh forages Bladder saltbush (Atriplex vesicaria), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of bladder saltbush (Atriplex vesicaria Heward ex Benth.)
Fresh forages Cardona pear (Opuntia streptacantha), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part (cladodes) of cardona pear (Opuntia streptacantha Lem.)
Fresh forages Desert saltbush (Atriplex polycarpa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of desert saltbush (Atriplex polycarpa (Torr.) S.Watson)
Fresh forages Ethiopian banana (Ensete ventricosum), midrib, fresh Ethiopian banana (Ensete ventricosum (Welw.) Cheesman), leaf midrib, fresh
Fresh forages Four-wing saltbush (Atriplex canescens), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of four-wing saltbush (Atriplex canescens (Pursh) Nutt.)
Fresh forages Grapevine branches and leaves, NaOH-treated, fresh Fresh branches and leaves of grapevine (Vitis vinifera L.), NaOH-treated.
Fresh forages Kousso (Hagenia abyssinica), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of kousso (Hagenia abyssinica Willd.)
Fresh forages Leatherstem (Jatropha dioica), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of leatherstem (Jatropha dioica Sessé)
Fresh forages Lettuce byproduct, dried Dried lettuce (Lactuca sativa L.) byproduct
Fresh forages Nopal cascarón (Opuntia hyptiacantha), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part (cladodes) of nopal cascarón (Opuntia hyptiacantha F.A.C. Weber)
Fresh forages Prickly pear (Opuntia lasiacantha), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part (cladodes) of prickly pear (Opuntia lasiacantha Pfeiff.)
Fresh forages Quailbush (Atriplex lentiformis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of quailbush (Atriplex lentiformis (Torr.) S. Watson)
Fresh forages Rhagodia (Rhagodia preissii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of rhagodia (Rhagodia preissii Moq.)
Fresh forages River saltbush (Atriplex amnicola), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of river saltbush (Atriplex amnicola Paul G.Wilson)
Fresh forages Desert saltbush (Atriplex deserticola), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of desert saltbush (Atriplex deserticola Phil.)
Fresh forages Saltbush (Atriplex undulata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of saltbush (Atriplex undulata (Moq.) D. Dietr.)
Fresh forages Small-leaved bluebush (Maireana brevifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of small-leaved bluebush (Maireana brevifolia (R. Br.) Paul G. Wilson)
Fresh forages Taro (Colocasia esculenta), leaves and tubers, fresh Taro (Colocasia esculenta (L.) Schott), leaves and tubers, fresh
Fresh forages Prickly pear (Opuntia tomentosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part (cladodes) of prickly pear (Opuntia tomentosa Salm-Dyck)
Fresh forages Verbesina (Verbesina serrata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of verbesina (Verbesina serrata Cav.)
Fresh forages Verbesina (Verbesina serrata), stems, fresh Fresh stems of verbesina (Verbesina serrata Cav.)
Fresh forages Wheel cactus (Opuntia robusta), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part (cladodes) of wheel cactus (Opuntia robusta J.C. Wendl.)
Fresh forages Zaluzania (Zaluzania augusta), stems, fresh Fresh stems of zaluzania (Zaluzania augusta (Lag.) Sch. Bip.)
Fresh forages Ethiopian banana (Ensete ventricosum), pseudostem core, fresh Ethiopian banana (Ensete ventricosum (Welw.) Cheesman), pseudostem core, fresh
Fresh forages Vinagrera (Rumex lunaria), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of vinagrera (Rumex lunaria L.)
Fresh forages Saltbush (Atriplex atacamensis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of saltbush (Atriplex atacamensis Phil.). Originates from Chile (cachiyuyo).
Fresh forages Long fruit saltbush (Atriplex leptocarpa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of long fruit saltbush (Atriplex leptocarpa F. Muell.)
Fresh forages Saltbush (Atriplex turcomanica), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of saltbush (Atriplex turcomanica (Moq.) Boiss.). Synonym: Atriplex leucoclada Boiss.
Fresh forages Annual saltbush (Atriplex muelleri), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of annual saltbush (Atriplex muelleri Benth.)
Fresh forages Halimione (Halimione verrucifera), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of halimione (Halimione verrucifera (M. Bieb.) Aellen). Synonym: Atriplex verrucifera M. Bieb.
Fresh forages Salicornia (Arthrocnemum macrostachyum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of salicornia (Arthrocnemum macrostachyum (Moric.) Moris)
Fresh forages Haloxylon (Haloxylon salicornicum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of haloxylon (Haloxylon salicornicum (Moq.) Bunge)
Fresh forages Sharp rush (Juncus acutus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sharp rush (Juncus acutus L.)
Fresh forages Salicornia (Sarcocornia fruticosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of salicornia (Sarcocornia fruticosa (L.) A. J. Scott)
Fresh forages Damascus saltwort (Salsola vermiculata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of damascus saltwort (Salsola vermiculata L.)
Fresh forages Tetraena (Tetraena alba), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of tetraena (Tetraena alba (L. f.) Beier & Thulin). Synonym: Zygophyllum album L. f.
Fresh forages Tetraena (Tetraena decumbens), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of tetraena (Tetraena decumbens (Delile) Beier & Thulin). Synonym: Zygophyllum decumbens Delile
Fresh forages Limoniastrum (Limoniastrum guyonianum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of limoniastrum (Limoniastrum guyonianum Boiss.)
Fresh forages Suaeda (Suaeda mollis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of suaeda (Suaeda mollis (Desf.) Delile)
Fresh forages Astragale (Astragalus gombo), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of astragale (Astragalus gombo Bunge)
Fresh forages Calobota (Calobota saharae), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of calobota (Calobota saharae (Coss. & Durieu) Boatwr. & B.-E. van Wyk)
Fresh forages Stipagrostis (Stipagrostis pungens), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of stipagrostis (Stipagrostis pungens (Desf.) De Winter)
Fresh forages Saltbush (Atriplex barclayana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of saltbush (Atriplex barclayana (Benth.) D. Dietr.)
Fresh forages Saltbush (Atriplex cinerea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of saltbush (Atriplex cinerea Poir.)
Fresh forages Saltbush (Atriplex vestita), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of saltbush (Atriplex vestita (Thunb.) Aellen)
Fresh forages Saltbush (Atriplex holocarpa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of saltbush (Atriplex holocarpa F. Muell.)
Fresh forages Saltbush (Atriplex lindleyi), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of saltbush (Atriplex lindleyi Moq.)
Fresh forages Trumpet vine (Campsis radicans), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of trumpet vine (Campsis radicans (L.) Seem. ex Bureau)
Fresh forages Holly (Ilex aquifolium), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of holly (Ilex aquifolium L.)
Fresh forages Winter jasmine (Jasminum nudiflorum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of winter jasmine (Jasminum nudiflorum Lindl.)
Fresh forages Kiwi (Actinidia deliciosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of kiwi (Actinidia deliciosa (A. Chev.) C. F. Liang & A. R. Ferguson)
Fresh forages Lilac (Syringa vulgaris), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of lilac (Syringa vulgaris L.)
Fresh forages Blackberry (Rubus fruticosus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of blackberry (Rubus fruticosus L.)
Fresh forages Blepharis (Blepharis ciliaris), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of blepharis (Blepharis ciliaris (L.) B. L. Burtt)
Fresh forages Megalochlamys (Megalochlamys kenyensis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of megalochlamys (Megalochlamys kenyensis Vollesen)
Fresh forages Achyropsis (Achyropsis fruticulosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of achyropsis (Achyropsis fruticulosa C.B.Clarke)
Fresh forages Digera (Digera muricata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of digera (Digera muricata (L.) Mart.)
Fresh forages Gomphrena (Gomphrena celosioides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of gomphrena (Gomphrena celosioides Mart.)
Fresh forages Sericocomopsis (Sericocomopsis pallida), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sericocomopsis (Sericocomopsis pallida (S. Moore) Schinz)
Fresh forages Ozoroa (Ozoroa insignis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ozoroa (Ozoroa insignis Delile subsp. reticulata (Baker f.) J. B. Gillett)
Fresh forages Ozoroa (Ozoroa insignis), flowers, fresh Fresh flowers of ozoroa (Ozoroa insignis Delile subsp. reticulata (Baker f.) J. B. Gillett)
Fresh forages Cadaba (Cadaba spp.), stems, fresh Fresh stems of cadaba (Cadaba spp.)
Fresh forages Inula (Inula decipiens), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of inula (Inula decipiens E.A. Bruce)
Fresh forages Osteospermum (Osteospermum vaillantii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of osteospermum (Osteospermum vaillantii (Decne.) Norl.)
Fresh forages Pluchea (Pluchea dioscoridis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of pluchea (Pluchea dioscoridis (L.) DC.)
Fresh forages Ipomoea (Ipomoea mombassana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ipomoea (Ipomoea mombassana Vatke)
Fresh forages Morning glory (Ipomoea purpurea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of morning glory (Ipomoea purpurea (L.) Roth)
Fresh forages Cucumis (Cucumis spp.), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cucumis (Cucumis spp.)
Fresh forages Lagenaria (Lagenaria sphaerica), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of lagenaria (Lagenaria sphaerica (Sond.) Naudin)
Fresh forages Fuirena (Fuirena ciliaris), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of fuirena (Fuirena ciliaris (L.) Roxb.)
Fresh forages African alpine bamboo (Oldeania alpina), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of African alpine bamboo (Oldeania alpina (K. Schum.) Stapleton)
Fresh forages Hypericum (Hypericum lanceolatum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of hypericum (Hypericum lanceolatum Lam.)
Fresh forages Ocimum (Ocimum grandiflorum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ocimum (Ocimum grandiflorum Lam.)
Fresh forages Asparagus (Asparagus spp.), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of asparagus (Asparagus spp.)
Fresh forages Sansevieria (Sansevieria ehrenbergii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sansevieria (Sansevieria ehrenbergii Schweinf. ex Baker)
Fresh forages Loranthus (Loranthus spp.), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of loranthus (Loranthus spp.)
Fresh forages Caucanthus (Caucanthus albidus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of caucanthus (Caucanthus albidus (Nied.) Nied.)
Fresh forages Pavonia (Pavonia elegans), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of pavonia (Pavonia elegans Gürke)
Fresh forages Pavonia (Pavonia zeylanica), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of pavonia (Pavonia zeylanica (L.) Cav.)
Fresh forages Sida (Sida cuneifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sida (Sida cuneifolia Roxb.)
Fresh forages Jasmine (Jasminum abyssinicum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of jasmine (Jasminum abyssinicum Hochst. ex DC.)
Fresh forages Vigna (Vigna decipiens), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of vigna (Vigna decipiens Harv.)
Fresh forages Gardenia (Gardenia spp.), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of gardenia (Gardenia spp.)
Fresh forages Lecaniodiscus (Lecaniodiscus fraxinifolius), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of lecaniodiscus (Lecaniodiscus fraxinifolius Baker)
Fresh forages Solanum (Solanum renschii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of solanum (Solanum renschii Vatke)
Fresh forages Ashwagandha (Withania somnifera), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ashwagandha (Withania somnifera (L.) Dunal)
Fresh forages Hermannia (Hermannia uhligii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of hermannia (Hermannia uhligii Engl.)
Fresh forages Tribulus (Tribulus terrestris), flowers, fresh Fresh flowers of tribulus (Tribulus terrestris L.)
Fresh forages Tribulus (Tribulus terrestris), stems, fresh Fresh stems of tribulus (Tribulus terrestris L.)
Fresh forages Carduus (Carduus nyassanus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of carduus (Carduus nyassanus (S. Moore) R.E. Fries)
Fresh forages Veiny dock (Rumex venosus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of veiny dock (Rumex venosus Pursh)
Fresh forages Umbrella thorn (Acacia tortilis), flowers, fresh Fresh flowers of umbrella thorn (Acacia tortilis (Forssk.) Hayne)
Fresh forages Sida (Sida rhombifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sida (Sida rhombifolia L.)
Fresh forages Cyperus (Cyperus atroviridis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cyperus (Cyperus atroviridis C.B. Clarke)
Fresh forages Aralia (Polyscias guilfoylei), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of aralia (Polyscias guilfoylei (W. Bull) L. H. Bailey)
Fresh forages Selago (Selago geniculata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of selago (Selago geniculata L. f.)
Fresh forages Siamese senna (Senna siamea), aerial part, dry Siamese senna (Senna siamea (Lam.) H.S. Irwin & Barneby), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Swede, aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of swede (Brassica napus L.)
Fresh forages Swede, whole plant, fresh Swede (Brassica napus L.), whole plant (leaves and bulb), fresh
Fresh forages Turnip, whole plant, fresh Turnip (Brassica rapa L. and hybrids), whole plant (leaves and bulb), fresh
Fresh forages Buckwheat (Fagopyrum esculentum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of buckwheat (Fagopyrum esculentum L.)
Fresh forages Phacelia (Phacelia tanacetifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of phacelia (Phacelia tanacetifolia Benth.)
Fresh forages Tartary buckwheat (Fagopyrum tataricum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of tartary buckwheat (Fagopyrum tataricum (L.) Gaertn)
Fresh forages Creeping zinnia (Sanvitalia procumbens), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of creeping zinnia (Sanvitalia procumbens Lam.)
Fresh forages Solanum (Solanum houstonii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of solanum (Solanum houstonii Martyn)
Fresh forages Sunflower goldeneye (Viguiera dentata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sunflower goldeneye (Viguiera dentata (Cav.) Spreng.)
Fresh forages Candelilla (Euphorbia rossiana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of candelilla (Euphorbia rossiana Pax)
Fresh forages Damascus saltwort (Salsola vermiculata), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of damascus saltwort (Salsola vermiculata L.)
Fresh forages Salsola (Salsola baryosma), aerial part, fresh Salsola (Salsola baryosma (Schultes) Dandy), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Large-fruited bushwillow (Combretum zeyheri), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of large-fruited bushwillow (Combretum zeyheri Sond.)
Fresh forages Mesembryanthemum (Mesembryanthemum hamatum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of mesembryanthemum (Mesembryanthemum hamatum L. Bolus)
Fresh forages Tetragonia (Tetragonia arbuscula), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of tetragonia (Tetragonia arbuscula Fenzl)
Fresh forages Sweet resinbush (Euryops multifidus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sweet resinbush (Euryops multifidus (Thunb.) DC.)
Fresh forages Quinoa (Chenopodium quinoa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of quinoa (Chenopodium quinoa Willd.)
Fresh forages Feathery bamboo (Bambusa sp.), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of bamboo (Bambusa sp.)
Fresh forages West Indian nettle (Laportea aestuans), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of west Indian nettle (Laportea aestuans (L.) Chew)
Fresh forages Black nightshade (Solanum nigrum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of black nightshade (Solanum nigrum L.)
Fresh forages Opuntia (Opuntia cochenillifera), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of opuntia (Opuntia cochenillifera (L.) Mill.)
Fresh forages Plantain (Plantago major), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of plantain (Plantago major L.)
Fresh forages Commiphora (Commiphora eminii subsp. zimmermannii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of commiphora (Commiphora eminii subsp. zimmermannii (Engl.) J.B. Gillett)
Fresh forages African basil (Ocimum gratissimum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of african basil (Ocimum gratissimum L.)
Fresh forages Baccharoides (Baccharoides lasiopus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of baccharoides (Baccharoides lasiopus (O. Hoffm.) H. Rob.)
Fresh forages Aspilia (Aspilia mossambicensis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of aspilia (Aspilia mossambicensis (Oliv.) Wild)
Fresh forages Maytenus (Maytenus putterlickioides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of maytenus (Maytenus putterlickioides (Loes.) Exell & Mendonça)
Fresh forages Foxtail amaranth (Amaranthus caudatus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of foxtail amaranth (Amaranthus caudatus L.)
Fresh forages Prince-of-Wales feather (Amaranthus hypochondriacus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of prince-of-Wales feather (Amaranthus hypochondriacus L.)
Fresh forages Tricolor amaranth (Amaranthus tricolor), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of tricolor amaranth (Amaranthus tricolor L.)
Fresh forages Red amaranth (Amaranthus cruentus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of red amaranth (Amaranthus cruentus L.)
Fresh forages Corchorus (Corchorus trilocularis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of corchorus (Corchorus trilocularis L.)
Fresh forages Horn-fruited jute (Corchorus tridens), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of horn-fruited jute (Corchorus tridens L.)
Fresh forages Convolvulus (Convolvulus deserti), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of convolvulus (Convolvulus deserti Hochst. & Steud. ex Steud.)
Fresh forages Stylochiton (Stylochiton hypogaeus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of stylochiton (Stylochiton hypogaeus Lepr.)
Fresh forages Siphonochilus (Siphonochilus aethiopicus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of siphonochilus (Siphonochilus aethiopicus (Schweinf.) B. L. Burtt)
Fresh forages Wissadula (Wissadula amplissima), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of wissadula (Wissadula amplissima (L.) R.E.Fr.)
Fresh forages Diamond flower (Oldenlandia corymbosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of diamond flower (Oldenlandia corymbosa L.)
Fresh forages Pandiaka (Pandiaka heudelotii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of pandiaka (Pandiaka heudelotii (Moq.) Hook.f.)
Fresh forages Ivy woodrose (Merremia hederacea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ivy woodrose (Merremia hederacea (Burm. f.) Hallier f.)
Fresh forages Aspilia (Aspilia rudis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of aspilia (Aspilia rudis Oliv. & Hiern)
Fresh forages Cantinoa (Cantinoa americana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cantinoa (Cantinoa americana (Aubl.) Harley & J. F. B. Pastore)
Fresh forages Polycarpaea (Polycarpaea corymbosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of polycarpaea (Polycarpaea corymbosa (L.) Lam.)
Fresh forages Kapokbush (Eriocephalus ericoides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of kapokbush (Eriocephalus ericoides (L. f.) Druce)
Fresh forages Tomato leaves, fresh Fresh tomato leaf (Solanum lycopersicum Karst.).
Fresh forages Skullcap (Scutellaria spp.), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of skullcap (Scutellaria spp.)
Fresh forages Chicory (Cichorium intybus), aerial part, fresh, freeze-dried Fresh aerial part of chicory (Cichorium intybus L.), freeze-dried
Fresh forages Elodea, Canadian (Elodea canadensis), whole plant, dry Canadian elodea (Elodea  canadensis Michx.), dried. Elodea is an aquatic plant.
Fresh forages Hydrilla (Hydrilla verticillata), whole plant, dehydrated Dehydrated, whole hydrilla (Hydrilla verticillata (L.F.) Presl.). The hydrilla is an aquatic (fresh water) plant.
Fresh forages Elodea, Brazilian (Elodea densa), whole plant, dry Brazilian elodea (Elodea densa (Planch.) Caspary), dried and ground. Elodea is an aquatic plant.
Fresh forages Freshwater algae (Cladophora spp.), dehydrated Freshwater green algae (Cladophora spp.), dehydrated
Fresh forages Duckweed (Lemna minor), whole plant, dehydrated Dehydrated whole duckweed (Lemna minor L.).
Fresh forages Myriophyllum (Myriophyllum spicatum), whole plant, dehydrated Dehydrated myriophyllum (Myriophyllum spicatum L.). Myriophyllum is a fresh water aquatic plant.
Fresh forages Pondweed (Potamogeton spp.), aerial part, dry Dehydrated pondweed (Potamogeton spp.). Pondweeds are a family of fresh water aquatic (floating) plants.
Fresh forages Vallisneria (Vallisneria americana), whole plant, dehydrated Dehydrated vallisneria (Vallisneria americana Michx.). Vallisneria is a fresh water aquatic plant.
Fresh forages Chlorella (Chlorella spp.), protein 50-70% Fresh water algae Chlorella, harvested by centrifugation, and dehydrated.
Fresh forages Algae (Micractinium spp.), flocculated and dehydrated Fresh water algae Micractinium, harvested by alum flocculation, and dehydrated.
Fresh forages Algae (Chlorella et Micractinium), flocculated and dehydrated Mixture of fresh water algae Chlorella et Micractinium, harvested by alum flocculation, and dehydrated.
Fresh forages Chlorella (Chlorella spp.), dehydrated, protein 30-50% Fresh water algae Chlorella, harvested by alum flocculation, and dehydrated.
Fresh forages Chlorella (Chlorella vulgaris) dehydrated Fresh water algae Chlorella (Chlorella vulgaris Beyerinck), dehydrated.
Fresh forages Spirulina (Arthrospira platensis), déshydratée Fresh water, blue algae spirulina (Arthrospira platensis (Nordst.) Gomont), dehydrated.
Fresh forages Spirulina (Arthrospira maxima), dehydrated Fresh water, blue algae spirulina (Arthrospira maxima Setchell & N.L.Gardner), dehydrated.
Fresh forages Spirulina (Arthrospira maxima), discoloured, dehydrated Fresh water, blue algae spirulina (Arthrospira maxima Setchell & N.L.Gardner), discoloured to increase the protein content, dehydrated.
Fresh forages Seaweed meal, ash > 50% Dehydrated and ground seaweed, containing more than 50% (as fed) of mineral matter.
Fresh forages Seaweed lamina, laminaria (Laminaria hyperborea), fresh Seaweed lamina (Laminaria hyperborea (Gunnerus) Foslie).
Fresh forages Seaweed (Ascophyllum nodosum), dried Brown seaweed (Ascophyllum nodosum (L.) Le Jolis), dried
Fresh forages Seaweed (Pelvetia canaliculata) Sea algae (Pelvetia canaliculata (L.) Decne. & Thur.), brown.
Fresh forages Seaweed, fucus (Fucus serratus) Seaweed (Fucus serratus L.), brown.
Fresh forages Seaweed, fucus (Fucus spiralis) Seaweed (Fucus spiralis L.), brown.
Fresh forages Seaweed, fucus (Fucus vesiculosus) Seaweed (Fucus vesiculosus L.), brown.
Fresh forages Seaweed lamina, laminaria (Laminaria digitata), fresh Fresh laminaria leaf (lamina) (Laminaria digitata (Huds.) Lamouroux).
Fresh forages Seaweed, laminaria (Laminaria hyperborea), stipe Stipe (stalk) of sea algae laminaria (Laminaria hyperborea (Gunnerus) Foslie).
Fresh forages Seaweed, gigartina (Gigartina mamillosa), fresh Seaweed (Gigartina mamillosa (Goodenough & Woodward) J.Agardh), red.
Fresh forages Seaweed (Palmaria palmata) Sea algae (Palmaria palmata (L.) F.Weber & D.Mohr), red.
Fresh forages Seaweed, giant kelp (Macrocystis pyrifera), dehydrated Seaweed (Macrocystis pyrifera (L.) C.Ag.), brown, dehydrated.
Fresh forages Azolla (Azolla pinnata), sun-dried Whole azolla (Azolla pinnata R. Brown), sun-dried. The azolla is an aquatic plant grown in tropical countries (Asia, South America) and sometimes used as a pig feed due to its high protein content (25%DM). Also known as water fern.
Fresh forages Seaweed meal, ash < 20%, protein < 20% Dehydrated and ground seaweed.
Fresh forages Seaweed meal, protein > 20% Dehydrated and ground seaweed.
Fresh forages Salvinia (Salvinia molesta), whole plant, fresh Salvinia (Salvinia molesta D. S. Mitch.), whole plant, fresh
Fresh forages Spirulina (Arthrospira spp.), dried Spirulina (Arthrospira spp.), dried
Fresh forages Seaweed (Cystoseira barbata), dried Seaweed (Cystoseira barbata (Stackhouse) C. Agardh), dried
Fresh forages Seaweed (Ulva lactuca), dried Seaweed (Ulva lactuca Linnaeus), dried. Synonym: sea lettuce
Fresh forages Azolla (Azolla pinnata), whole plant, fresh Azolla (Azolla pinnata R. Brown), whole plant, fresh
Fresh forages Duckweed (Lemna minor), whole plant, fresh Duckweed (Lemna minor L.), whole plant, fresh
Fresh forages Azolla (Azolla microphylla), whole plant, dried Azolla (Azolla microphylla Kaulf.), whole plant, dried
Fresh forages Duckweed (Lemna spp.), whole plant, fresh Duckweed (Lemna spp.), whole plant, fresh
Fresh forages Duckweed (Lemna perpusilla), whole plant, dried Duckweed (Lemna perpusilla Torr.), whole plant, dried
Fresh forages Great duckweed (Spirodela polyrhiza), whole plant, dried Great duckweed (Spirodela polyrhiza (L.) Schleid.), whole plant, dried
Fresh forages Duckweed (Lemna spp. and Spirodela spp.), whole plant, dried Duckweed, whole plant, dried
Fresh forages Duckweed (Landoltia punctata), whole plant, dried Duckweed (Landoltia punctata (G. Mey.) Les & D. J. Crawford), whole plant, dried
Fresh forages Duckweed (Lemna spp.), whole plant, dried Duckweed (Lemna spp.), whole plant, dried
Fresh forages Duckweed (Spirodela spp.), whole plant, dried Duckweed (Spirodela spp.), whole plant, dried
Fresh forages Duckweed (Wolffia spp.), whole plant, dried Duckweed (Wolffia spp.), whole plant, dried
Fresh forages Fat duckweed (Lemna gibba), whole plant, fresh Fat duckweed (Lemna gibba L.), whole plant, fresh
Fresh forages Fat duckweed (Lemna gibba), whole plant, dried Fat duckweed (Lemna gibba L.), whole plant, dried
Fresh forages Duckweed (Lemna perpusilla), whole plant, fresh Duckweed (Lemna perpusilla Torr.), whole plant, fresh
Fresh forages Myriad leaf (Myriophyllum verticillatum), whole plant, dried Myriad leaf (Myriophyllum verticillatum L.), whole plant, dried
Fresh forages Duckweed (Landoltia punctata), whole plant, fresh Duckweed (Landoltia punctata (G. Mey.) Les & D. J. Crawford), whole plant, fresh
Fresh forages Duckweed (Wolffia columbiana), whole plant, fresh Duckweed (Wolffia columbiana H. Karst.), whole plant, fresh
Fresh forages Azolla (Azolla filiculoides), whole plant, dried Azolla (Azolla filiculoides Lam.), whole plant, dried
Fresh forages Azolla (Azolla microphylla), whole plant, fresh Azolla (Azolla microphylla Kaulf.), whole plant, fresh
Fresh forages Azolla (Azolla caroliniana), whole plant, fresh Azolla (Azolla caroliniana Willd.), whole plant, fresh
Fresh forages Azolla (Azolla rubra), whole plant, fresh Azolla (Azolla rubra R.Br.), whole plant, fresh
Fresh forages Narrow leaf duckweed (Lemna trisulca), whole plant, fresh Narrow leaf duckweed (Lemna trisulca L.), whole plant, fresh
Fresh forages Salvinia (Salvinia molesta), whole plant, dried Salvinia (Salvinia molesta D. S. Mitch.), whole plant, dried
Fresh forages Leptadenia (Leptadenia pyrotechnica), aerial part, dry Leptadenia (Leptadenia pyrotechnica (Forssk.) Decne.), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Seaweed (Alaria esculenta), dried Seaweed (Alaria esculenta (Linnaeus) Greville), dried
Fresh forages Seaweed (Ceramium spp.), fresh Seaweed (Ceramium spp.), fresh
Fresh forages Seaweed (Chaetomorpha linum), dried Seaweed (Chaetomorpha linum (O. F. Müller) Kützing), dried
Fresh forages Chlorella (Chlorella pyrenoidosa), dried Green microalgae chlorella (Chlorella pyrenoidosa H. Chick), dried
Fresh forages Freshwater algae (Cladophora glomerata), dried Freshwater green algae (Cladophora glomerata (Linnaeus) Kützing), dried
Fresh forages Freshwater algae (Cladophora patentiramea), dried Freshwater green algae (Cladophora patentiramea (Montagne) Kützing), dried
Fresh forages Freshwater algae (Cladophora rupestris), fresh Freshwater green algae (Cladophora rupestris (Linnaeus) Kützing), fresh
Fresh forages Seaweed (Codium fragile), dried Seaweed (Codium fragile (Suringar) Hariot), dried
Fresh forages Seaweed (Dumontia contorta), fresh Seaweed (Dumontia contorta (S. G. Gmelin) Ruprecht), fresh
Fresh forages Seaweed (Dunaliella salina), dried Seaweed (Dunaliella salina (Dunal) Teodoresco), dried
Fresh forages Seaweed (Eisenia bicyclis), dried Seaweed (Eisenia bicyclis (Kjellman) Setchell), dried
Fresh forages Seaweed (Enteromorpha spp.), dried Seaweed (Enteromorpha spp.), dried (green algae)
Fresh forages Seaweed (Fucus serratus), fresh Seaweed (Fucus serratus Linnaeus), fresh
Fresh forages Seaweed (Gracilaria bursa-pastoris), dried Seaweed (Gracilaria bursa-pastoris (S. G. Gmelin) P. C. Silva), dried
Fresh forages Seaweed (Gracilaria chilensis), dried Seaweed (Gracilaria chilensis C. J. Bird, McLachlan & E. C. Oliveira), dried
Fresh forages Seaweed (Hydropuntia cornea), dried Seaweed (Hydropuntia cornea (J. Agardh) M. J. Wynne), dried
Fresh forages Seaweed (Gracilaria corticata), dried Seaweed (Gracilaria corticata (J. Agardh) J. Agardh), dried
Fresh forages Seaweed (Gracilariopsis longissima), dried Seaweed (Gracilariopsis longissima (S. G. Gmelin) M. Steentoft, L. M. Irvine & W. F. Farnham), dried
Fresh forages Seaweed (Gracilariopsis lemaneiformis), dried Seaweed (Gracilariopsis lemaneiformis (Bory de Saint-Vincent) E. Y. Dawson, Acleto & Foldvik), dried
Fresh forages Seaweed (Sargassum fusiforme), dried Seaweed (Sargassum fusiforme (Harvey) Setchell), dried
Fresh forages Freshwater algae (Hydrodictyon reticulatum), dried Freshwater algae (Hydrodictyon reticulatum (Linnaeus) Bory de Saint-Vincent), dried
Fresh forages Seaweed (Kappaphycus alvarezii), dried Seaweed (Kappaphycus alvarezii (Doty) Doty ex P. C. Silva), dried
Fresh forages Seaweed (Saccharina japonica), fresh Seaweed (Saccharina japonica (Areschoug) C. E. Lane, C. Mayes, Druehl & G. W. Saunders), fresh
Fresh forages Nannochloropsis (Nannochloropsis oculata), dried Nannochloropsis (Nannochloropsis oculata (Droop) D. J. Hibberd), dried
Fresh forages Nannochloropsis (Nannochloropsis spp.), dried Nannochloropsis (Nannochloropsis spp.), dried
Fresh forages Seaweed (Osmundea pinnatifida), fresh Seaweed (Osmundea pinnatifida (Hudson) Stackhouse), fresh
Fresh forages Seaweed (Polysiphonia spp.), fresh Seaweed (Polysiphonia spp.), dried
Fresh forages Seaweed (Pyropia tenera), dried Seaweed (Pyropia tenera (Kjellman) N. Kikuchi & M. Miyata, M. S. Hwang & H. G. Choi), dried
Fresh forages Seaweed (Porphyra spp.), fresh Red seaweed (Porphyra spp.), fresh
Fresh forages Seaweed (Ruppia maritima), dried Seaweed (Ruppia maritima Linnaeus), dried
Fresh forages Seaweed (Sargassum spp.), dried Seaweed (Sargassum spp.), dried
Fresh forages Seaweed (Sargassum spp.), boiled Seaweed (Sargassum spp.), boiled
Fresh forages Seaweed (Sargassum spp.), autoclaved Seaweed (Sargassum spp.), autoclaved
Fresh forages Seaweed (Sargassum swartzii), dried Seaweed (Sargassum swartzii C. Agardh), dried
Fresh forages Seaweed (Spyridia insignis), dried Seaweed (Spyridia insignis (J. Agardh) J. Agardh), dried
Fresh forages Seaweed (Ulva spp.), dried Green seaweed (Ulva spp.), dried
Fresh forages Seaweed (Ulva rigida), dried Green seaweed (Ulva rigida C. Agardh), dried
Fresh forages Seaweed (Undaria pinnatifida), fresh Seaweed (Undaria pinnatifida (Harvey) Suringar), fresh
Fresh forages Seaweed (Ulva lactuca), fresh Green seaweed (Ulva lactuca Linnaeus), fresh
Fresh forages Seaweed (Gracilariopsis bailiniae), dried Seaweed (Gracilariopsis bailiniae J. Zhang & B. M. Xia), dried
Fresh forages Butterfly fern (Salvinia auriculata), whole plant, dried Butterfly fern (Salvinia auriculata Aubl.), whole plant, dried
Fresh forages Seaweed, Irish moss (Chondrus crispus), fresh Red seaweed irish moss (Chondrus crispus Stackh.), fresh
Fresh forages Seaweed (Corallina officinalis), fresh Red calcareous seaweed (Corallina officinalis Linnaeus), fresh
Fresh forages Seaweed (Pyriopa tenera), fresh Seaweed (Pyropia tenera (Kjellman) N. Kikuchi & M. Miyata, M. S. Hwang & H. G. Choi), fresh
Fresh forages Seaweed (Saccharina japonica), dried Seaweed (Saccharina japonica (Areschoug) C. E. Lane, C. Mayes, Druehl & G. W. Saunders), dried
Fresh forages Seaweed (Undaria pinnatifida), dried Seaweed (Undaria pinnatifida (Harvey) Suringar), dried
Fresh forages Great duckweed (Spirodela polyrhiza), whole plant, fresh Great duckweed (Spirodela polyrhiza (L.) Schleid.), whole plant, fresh
Fresh forages Seaweed (Cystoseira amentacea), dried Seaweed (Cystoseira amentacea (C.Agardh) Bory), dried
Fresh forages Seawrack (Zostera marina) Seawrack (Zostera marina L.), a marine brown algae
Fresh forages Chlorelle (Chlorella spp.) and scenedesmus (Scenedesmus spp.), dried Green microalgae chlorella (Chlorella spp.) and scenedesmus (Scenedesmus spp.), dried
Fresh forages Microalgae, produced on biofilm, dehydrated Microalgae produced on a biofilm system and dehydrated
Fresh forages Chlorella (Chlorella spp.) dehydrated, protein < 30%, fat > 10% Fresh water algae Chlorella (Chlorella spp.), dehydrated.
Fresh forages Microalgae Haematococcus (Haematococcus pluvialis), extracted for astaxanthin and dehydrated Microalgae Haematococcus (Haematococcus pluvialis Flotow, 1844), extracted and dehydrated
Fresh forages Chlorella (Chlorella spp.) dehydrated, protein < 30%, fat < 10% Fresh water algae Chlorella (Chlorella spp.), dehydrated avec oil extraction
Fresh forages Microalgae Haematococcus (Haematococcus pluvialis), dehydrated Microalgae Haematococcus (Haematococcus pluvialis Flotow, 1844), extracted and dehydrated
Fresh forages Duckweed (Lemna obscura), whole plant, dehydrated Dehydrated whole duckweed (Lemna obscura (Austin) Daubs).
Fresh forages Olive leaves, dry Dehydrated olive tree leaves (Olea europaea L.).
Fresh forages Spruce (Picea glauca), leaves, dry Dehydrated and ground leaf of white spruce (Picea glauca Moench. Voss).
Fresh forages Leucanea (Leucaena leucocephala), leaf shoots, fresh Fresh, very young leaves of leucaena (Leucaena leucocephala (Lam.) de Wit).
Fresh forages Gliricidia (Gliricidia sepium), aerial part, dry Dehydrated aerial part of gliricidia (Gliricidia sepium (Jacq.) Walp.). Gliciridia is a South American tree used as fodder.
Fresh forages Amelanchier (Amelanchier laevis), leaves, dry Dehydrated amelanchier leaf (Amelanchier laevis Wiegand)
Fresh forages Service-tree (Sorbus aria), leaves, dry Dehydrated service-tree leaf (Sorbus aria (L.) Crantz). French names : alisier blanc-de-neige, allouchier.
Fresh forages Anthyllis (Anthyllis montana), leaves, dry Dehydrated anthyllis leaf (Anthyllis montana L.). Anthyllis is a family of wild legumes, related to alfalafa, found in temperate countries.
Fresh forages Aphyllanthes (Aphyllanthes monspeliensis), leaves, dry Dehydrated aphyllantes leaf (Aphyllanthes monspeliensis L.).
Fresh forages Oak leaves, dry Dehydrated oak leaf (Quercus spp.).
Fresh forages Hazel tree (Corylus avellana), aerial part, dry Hazel tree (Corylus avellana L.), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Beech (Fagus sylvatica), leaves, dry Fresh beech leaves (Fagus sylvatica L.).
Fresh forages Tamarugo (Prosopis tamarugo), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of tamarugo (Prosopis tamarugo Phil.). The tamarugo is a Chilean shrub, very resistant to drought, used for browsing.
Fresh forages Tamarugo (Prosopis tamarugo), aerial part, fresh Tamarugo (Prosopis tamarugo Phil.), aerial part, fresh. The tamarugo is a Chilean shrub, very resistant to drought, used for browsing.
Fresh forages Cajan pea (Cajanus cajan), leaves, dry Dehydrated cajan pea leaf (Cajanus cajan (L.) Huth). Pigeon pea is a common tropical shrub whose pods, seeds and leaves are used to feed animals.
Fresh forages Gliricidia (Gliricidia sepium), aerial part, fresh Gliricidia (Gliricidia sepium (Jacq.) Kunth ex Walp.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Moluccan albizia (Falcataria moluccana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of albizia (Falcataria moluccana (Miq.) Barneby & J.W. Grimes). This falcataria species is a fast-growing tree used for timber in Asia (Malaya, Indonesia).
Fresh forages Maesopsis (Maesopsis eminii), leaves, fresh Fresh maesopsis leaf (Maesopsis eminii Engl.). Maesopsis is a large African tree used for its wood.
Fresh forages Guanacaste (Enterolobium cyclocarpum), aerial part, fresh Guanacaste (Enterolobium cyclocarpum (Jacq.) Griseb.), aerial part, fresh. The guanacaste is a tropical tree from Central America and Asia.
Fresh forages Jack tree (Artocarpus heterophyllus), aerial part, dry Dehydrated jack tree leaf (Artocarpus heterophyllus Lam.). The jack tree is an Asian tree that gives large edible fruit.
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia ampliceps), aerial part, fresh Acacia (Acacia ampliceps Maslin), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia asak (Forssk.) Willd.), aerial part, fresh Acacia (Acacia asak), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia asak), flower stems, fresh Acacia (Acacia asak (Forssk.) Willd.), flower stems, fresh
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia asak (Forssk.) Willd.), stems, fresh Acacia (Acacia asak (Forssk.) Willd.), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia ataxacantha), aerial part, fresh Acacia (Acacia ataxacantha DC.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia auriculiformis), aerial part, fresh Acacia (Acacia auriculiformis A. Cunn. ex Benth), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia horrida), aerial part, fresh Acacia (Acacia horrida (L.) Willd.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia horrida), branches, fresh Acacia (Acacia horrida (L.) Willd.), branches, fresh
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia brevispica), aerial part, fresh Acacia (Acacia brevispica Harms), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia saligna), aerial part, fresh Acacia (Acacia saligna (Labill.) Wendl.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia saligna), leaves, dead Acacia (Acacia saligna (Labill.) Wendl.), leaves, dead
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia dudgeoni), leaves, fresh Acacia (Acacia dudgeoni Craib ex Holland), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia etbaica), aerial part, fresh Acacia (Acacia etbaica Schweinf.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia etbaica), petioles, fresh Acacia (Acacia etbaica Schweinf.), petioles, fresh
Fresh forages Huizache (Acacia farnesiana), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of huizache (Acacia farnesiana (L.) Willd.)
Fresh forages Huizache (Acacia farnesiana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of huizache (Acacia farnesiana (L.) Willd.)
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia hockii), aerial part, fresh Acacia (Acacia hockii De Wild.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia holosericea), leaves, fresh Acacia (Acacia holosericea G. Don.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Black-hooked acacia (Senegalia laeta), aerial part, fresh Black-hooked acacia (Senegalia laeta (R.Br. ex Benth.) Seigler & Ebinger), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia linearifolia), leaves, fresh Acacia (Acacia linearifolia Maiden & Blakeley), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia macrostachya), aerial part, fresh Acacia (Acacia macrostachya DC.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia mearnsii), leaves, fresh Acacia (Acacia mearnsii De Wild.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia mearnsii), aerial part, fresh Acacia (Acacia mearnsii De Wild.), leaves and stems, fresh
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia mearnsii), stems, fresh Acacia (Acacia mearnsii De Wild.), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Black thorn (Acacia mellifera), branches, fresh Black thorn (Acacia mellifera (M.Vahl) Benth.), branches, fresh
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia monticola), leaves, fresh Acacia (Acacia monticola J.M. Black), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia mountfordiae), leaves, fresh Acacia (Acacia mountfordiae Specht), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Babul (Acacia nilotica), flowers, fresh Babul (Acacia nilotica (L.) Willd. ex Delile), flowers, fresh
Fresh forages Babul (Acacia nilotica), branches, fresh Babul (Acacia nilotica (L.) Willd. ex Delile), branches, fresh
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia parviflora), leaves, fresh Acacia (Acacia parviflora Little), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia polyacantha), aerial part, fresh Acacia (Acacia polyacantha Willd.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia tortilis subsp. raddiana), aerial part, fresh Acacia (Acacia tortilis (Forssk.) Hayne subsp. raddiana (Savi) Brenan), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Silky acacia (Acacia rehmanniana), leaves, fresh Silky acacia (Acacia rehmanniana Schinz), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Gum arabic tree (Acacia senegal), wood Gum arabic tree (Acacia senegal (L.) Willd.), wood
Fresh forages Gum arabic tree (Acacia senegal), aerial part, fresh Gum arabic tree (Acacia senegal (L.) Willd.), leaves and stems, fresh
Fresh forages Red acacia (Acacia seyal), bark Red acacia (Acacia seyal Del.), bark
Fresh forages Red acacia (Acacia seyal), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of red acacia (Acacia seyal Del.)
Fresh forages Red acacia (Acacia seyal), flowers, fresh Red acacia (Acacia seyal Del.), flowers, fresh
Fresh forages Red acacia (Acacia seyal), shoots, fresh Red acacia (Acacia seyal Del.), shoots, fresh
Fresh forages Paperback thorn (Acacia sieberiana), aerial part, fresh Paperback thorn (Acacia sieberiana DC.), leaves and stems, fresh
Fresh forages Paperback thorn (Acacia sieberiana), flowers, fresh Paperback thorn (Acacia sieberiana DC.), flowers, fresh
Fresh forages Paperback thorn (Acacia sieberiana), stems, fresh Paperback thorn (Acacia sieberiana DC.), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Baobab (Adansonia digitata), aerial part, fresh Baobab (Adansonia digitata L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Baobab (Adansonia digitata), aerial part, dry Baobab (Adansonia digitata L.), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Baobab (Adansonia digitata), branches, fresh Baobab (Adansonia digitata L.), branches, fresh
Fresh forages Red sandalwood (Adenanthera pavonina), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of red sandalwood (Adenanthera pavonina L.)
Fresh forages Albizia (Albizia chevalieri), aerial part, fresh Albizia (Albizia chevalieri Harms), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Albizia (Albizia coriaria), aerial part, fresh Albizia (Albizia coriaria Welw. ex Oliv.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Albizia (Albizia coriaria), stems, fresh Albizia (Albizia coriaria Oliv.), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Lebbek (Albizia lebbeck), aerial part, fresh Lebbek (Albizia lebbeck (L.) Benth.), leaves and stems, fresh
Fresh forages Albizia (Albizia zygia), aerial part, fresh Albizia (Albizia zygia (DC.) J.F. Macbr.), leaves and stems, fresh
Fresh forages Christmas bush (Alchornea cordifolia), leaves, fresh Christmas bush (Alchornea cordifolia (Schu. & Thon.) Muell), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Breadfruit tree (Artocarpus altilis), aerial part, fresh Breadfruit tree (Artocarpus altilis (Parkinson) Fosb.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Desert date (Balanites aegyptiacus), wood Desert date (Balanites aegyptiacus (L.) Delile), wood
Fresh forages Desert date (Balanites aegyptiacus), branches, dry Desert date (Balanites aegyptiacus (L.) Delile), branches, dry
Fresh forages Desert date (Balanites aegyptiacus), bark Desert date (Balanites aegyptiacus (L.) Delile), bark
Fresh forages Desert date (Balanites aegyptiacus), leaves, dry Desert date (Balanites aegyptiacus (L.) Delile), leaves, dry
Fresh forages Bauhinia (Bauhinia cheilantha), leaves, fresh Bauhinia (Bauhinia cheilantha Steud.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Bauhinia (Bauhinia petersiana), leaves, fresh Bauhinia (Bauhinia petersiana Bolle), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Bauhinia (Bauhinia rufescens), aerial part, fresh Bauhinia (Bauhinia rufescens Lam.), leaves and stems, fresh
Fresh forages Boscia (Boscia angustifolia), aerial part, fresh Boscia (Boscia angustifolia A. Rich.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Boscia (Boscia senegalensis), aerial part, fresh Boscia (Boscia senegalensis (Pers.) Lam. ex Poir.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Boscia (Boscia senegalensis), aerial part, dry Boscia (Boscia senegalensis (Pers.) Lam. ex Poir.), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Boscia (Boscia senegalensis), fruits, dry Boscia (Boscia senegalensis (Pers.) Lam. ex Poir.), fruits
Fresh forages Calliandra (Calliandra calothyrsus), bark Calliandra (Calliandra calothyrsus Meisn.), bark
Fresh forages Calotropis (Calotropis procera), aerial part, fresh Calotropis (Calotropis procera (Aiton) WT Aiton), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Calotropis (Calotropis procera), bark Calotropis (Calotropis procera (Aiton) WT Aiton), bark
Fresh forages Calotropis (Calotropis procera), aerial part, dry Calotropis (Calotropis procera (Aiton) WT Aiton), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Calotropis (Calotropis procera), flowers, fresh Calotropis (Calotropis procera (Aiton) WT Aiton), flowers, fresh
Fresh forages Calotropis (Calotropis procera), fruits, dry Calotropis (Calotropis procera (Aiton) WT Aiton), fruits
Fresh forages African laburnum (Cassia sieberiana), aerial part, fresh African laburnum (Cassia sieberiana DC.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages African hackberry (Celtis integrifolia), aerial part, fresh African hackberry (Celtis integrifolia Lam.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Indian sandbur (Cenchrus biflorus), fruits, dry Indian sandbur (Cenchrus biflorus Roxb.), fruits
Fresh forages Mopane (Colophospermum mopane), aerial part, fresh Mopane (Colophospermum mopane (Benth.) Leonard), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Mopane (Colophospermum mopane), aerial part, dry Mopane (Colophospermum mopane (Benth.) Leonard), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Combretum (Combretum aculeatum), aerial part, fresh Combretum (Combretum aculeatum Vent.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Combretum (Combretum aculeatum Vent.), fruits, dry Combretum (Combretum aculeatum), fruits
Fresh forages Combretum (Combretum glutinosum), fruits, dry Combretum (Combretum glutinosum Perr. ex DC.), fruits
Fresh forages Combretum (Combretum micranthum), fruits, dry Combretum (Combretum micranthum G. Don.), fruits, dry
Fresh forages Combretum (Combretum nigricans), fruits, fresh Combretum (Combretum nigricans Lepr. ex Guill. & Perr.), fruits, fresh
Fresh forages Dalbergia (Dalbergia melanoxylon), fruits, dry Dalbergia (Dalbergia melanoxylon Guill. & Perr.), fruits
Fresh forages Dalbergia (Dalbergia melanoxylon), branches, fresh Dalbergia (Dalbergia melanoxylon Guill. & Perr.), branches, fresh
Fresh forages Detarium (Detarium microcarpum), bark Detarium (Detarium microcarpum Guill. & Perr.), bark
Fresh forages Erythrina (Erythrina senegalensis), aerial part, fresh Erythrina (Erythrina senegalensis DC.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Coral tree (Erythrina variegata), aerial part, fresh Coral tree (Erythrina variegata L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Ana tree (Faidherbia albida), leaves and pods, fresh Ana tree (Faidherbia albida (Delile) A. Chev.), leaves and pods, fresh
Fresh forages Ana tree (Faidherbia albida), aerial part, dry Ana tree (Faidherbia albida (Delile) A. Chev.), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Ana tree (Faidherbia albida), stems, fresh Ana tree (Faidherbia albida (Delile) A. Chev.), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Ana tree (Faidherbia albida), aerial part, fresh Ana tree (Faidherbia albida (Delile) A. Chev.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Ficus (Ficus sur), leaves, fresh Ficus (Ficus sur Forssk.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Ficus (Ficus exasperata), aerial part, fresh Ficus (Ficus exasperata Vahl), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Ficus (Ficus prolixa), aerial part, fresh Ficus (Ficus prolixa Forst.), leaves and stems, fresh
Fresh forages Ficus (Ficus spp.), leaves, fresh Ficus (Ficus spp.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Ficus (Ficus sycomorus), aerial part, fresh Ficus (Ficus sycomorus L.), leaves and stems, fresh
Fresh forages Ficus (Ficus thonningii), aerial part, fresh Ficus (Ficus thonningii Blume), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Ficus (Ficus thonningii), stems, fresh Ficus (Ficus thonningii Blume.), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Flemingia (Flemingia macrophylla), bark Flemingia (Flemingia macrophylla (Willd.) Merr.), bark
Fresh forages Gliricidia (Gliricidia sepium), bark Gliricidia (Gliricidia sepium (Jacq.) Kunth ex Walp.), bark
Fresh forages Gmelina (Gmelina arborea), fruits, dry Gmelina (Gmelina arborea Roxb.), fruits, dry
Fresh forages Grewia (Grewia bicolor), aerial part, dry Grewia (Grewia bicolor A. Juss.), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Grewia (Grewia bicolor), fruits, dry Grewia (Grewia bicolor A. Juss.), fruits, dry
Fresh forages Grewia (Grewia bicolor), branches, fresh Grewia (Grewia bicolor A. Juss.), branches, fresh
Fresh forages Grewia (Grewia bicolor), trunk, dry Grewia (Grewia bicolor A. Juss.), trunk, dry
Fresh forages Grewia (Grewia lasiodiscus), aerial part, dry Grewia (Grewia lasiodiscus K. Schum.), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Grewia (Grewia mollis), aerial part, fresh Grewia (Grewia mollis Baill.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Grewia (Grewia monticola), aerial part, fresh Grewia (Grewia monticola Sond.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Grewia (Grewia spp.), aerial part, fresh Grewia (Grewia spp.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Grewia (Grewia spp.), aerial part, dry Grewia (Grewia spp.), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Grewia (Grewia tenax), aerial part, fresh Grewia (Grewia tenax (Forssk.) Fiori), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Grewia (Grewia villosa), aerial part, fresh Grewia (Grewia villosa Willd.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Guiera (Guiera senegalensis), wood Guiera (Guiera senegalensis JF. Gmel.), wood
Fresh forages Guiera (Guiera senegalensis), fruits, dry Guiera (Guiera senegalensis JF. Gmel.), fruits, dry
Fresh forages Indigo (Indigofera spinosa), fruits, dry Indigo (Indigofera spinosa Forssk.), fruits
Fresh forages Isoberlinia (Isoberlinia doka), aerial part, fresh Isoberlinia (Isoberlinia doka Craib & Stapf), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Isoberlinia (Isoberlinia doka), aerial part, dry Isoberlinia (Isoberlinia doka Craib & Stapf), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Lannea (Lannea acida), aerial part, fresh Lannea (Lannea acida A. Rich.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Lannea (Lannea fruticosa), aerial part, fresh Lannea (Lannea fruticosa (Hochst. ex A. Rich.) Engl.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Lannea (Lannea barteri), aerial part, fresh Lannea (Lannea barteri (Oliv.) Engl.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Lannea (Lannea microcarpa), aerial part, fresh Lannea (Lannea microcarpa Engl. & K. Krause), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Leucaena (Leucaena leucocephala), aerial part, fresh Leucaena (Leucaena leucocephala (Lam.) de Wit), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Leucaena (Leucaena leucocephala), bark Leucaena (Leucaena leucocephala (Lam.) de Wit), bark
Fresh forages Leucaena (Leucaena leucocephala), stems, dry Leucaena (Leucaena leucocephala (Lam.) de Wit), stems, dry
Fresh forages Atil (Maerua crassifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of atil (Maerua crassifolia Forssk.)
Fresh forages Atil (Maerua crassifolia), stems, dry Atil (Maerua crassifolia Forssk.), stems, dry
Fresh forages African locust bean (Parkia biglobosa), aerial part, fresh African locust bean (Parkia biglobosa (Jacq.) G.Don), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Piliostigma (Piliostigma reticulatum), aerial part, fresh Piliostigma (Piliostigma reticulatum (DC.) Hochst.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Prosopis (Prosopis africana), aerial part, fresh Prosopis (Prosopis africana (Guill. & Perr.) Taubert), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Mesquite (Prosopis juliflora), aerial part, fresh Mesquite (Prosopis juliflora (Sw.) DC), leaves and stems, fresh
Fresh forages Mesquite (Prosopis juliflora), stems, fresh Mesquite (Prosopis juliflora (Sw.) DC), stems, fresh
Fresh forages Prosopis (Prosopis pallida), aerial part, fresh Prosopis (Prosopis pallida HBK.), leaves and stems, fresh
Fresh forages Pterocarpus (Pterocarpus erinaceus), aerial part, dry Pterocarpus (Pterocarpus erinaceus Poir.), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Pterocarpus (Pterocarpus erinaceus), fruits, dry Pterocarpus (Pterocarpus erinaceus Poir.), fruits, dry
Fresh forages Pterocarpus (Pterocarpus erinaceus), fruits, fresh Pterocarpus (Pterocarpus erinaceus Poir.), fruits, fresh
Fresh forages Pterocarpus (Pterocarpus indicus), aerial part, fresh Pterocarpus (Pterocarpus indicus Willd.), leaves and stems, fresh
Fresh forages Pterocarpus (Pterocarpus lucens), aerial part, fresh Pterocarpus (Pterocarpus lucens Guill. & Perr.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Pterocarpus (Pterocarpus lucens), aerial part, dry Pterocarpus (Pterocarpus lucens Guill. & Perr.), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Rhigozum (Rhigozum somalense), fruits, dry Rhigozum (Rhigozum somalense Hallier f.), fruits
Fresh forages Saba (Saba senegalensis), aerial part, fresh Saba (Saba senegalensis (A. DC.) Pichon), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Rain tree (Albizia saman), aerial part, fresh Rain tree (Albizia saman (Jacq.) Merr.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Marula (Sclerocarya birrea), aerial part, fresh Marula (Sclerocarya birrea (A. Rich.) Hochst.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Marula (Sclerocarya birrea), aerial part, dry Marula (Sclerocarya birrea (A. Rich.) Hochst.), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Sesban (Sesbania sesban), fruits, fresh Sesban (Sesbania sesban (L.) Merr.), fruits, fresh
Fresh forages Tamarind (Tamarindus indica), aerial part, dry Tamarind (Tamarindus indica L.), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Tephrosia (Tephrosia vogelii), aerial part, fresh Tephrosia (Tephrosia vogelii Hook. f.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Terminalia (Terminalia macroptera), leaves, fresh Terminalia (Terminalia macroptera Guill. & Perr.
Fresh forages Indian jujube (Ziziphus mauritiana), fruits, dry Indian jujube (Ziziphus mauritiana Lam.), fruits
Fresh forages African hackberry (Celtis integrifolia), aerial part, dry African hackberry (Celtis integrifolia Lam.), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Ficus (Ficus sur), leaves, dry Ficus (Ficus sur Forssk.), leaves, dry
Fresh forages Ficus (Ficus sycomorus), aerial part, dry Ficus (Ficus sycomorus L.), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Leucaena (Leucaena leucocephala), aerial part, dry Leucaena (Leucaena leucocephala (Lam.) de Wit), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Ficus (Ficus exasperata), aerial part, dry Ficus (Ficus exasperata Vahl), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Albizia (Albizia zygia), aerial part, dry Albizia (Albizia zygia (DC.) J.F. Macbr.), leaves and stems, dry
Fresh forages Annona (Annona senegalensis), aerial part, dry Annona (Annona senegalensis Pers.), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Piliostigma (Piliostigma reticulatum), aerial part, dry Piliostigma (Piliostigma reticulatum (DC.) Hochst.), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Guanacaste (Enterolobium cyclocarpum), pods Pods of guanacaste (Enterolobium cyclocarpum (Jacq.) Griseb.). Le guanacaste is a tropical tree from Central America and Asia.
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia salicina), aerial part, fresh Acacia (Acacia salicina Lindl.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Strawberry tree (Arbutus unedo), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of strawberry tree (Arbutus unedo L.).
Fresh forages Oriental hornbeam (Carpinus orientalis), leaves, dry Dry leaves of Oriental hornbeam (Carpinus orientalis Mill.).
Fresh forages Manna ash (Fraxinus ornus), leaves, dry Manna ash leaves (Fraxinus ornus L.).
Fresh forages Olive, aerial part, dry Olive (Olea europaea L.) branches.
Fresh forages Black locust (Robinia pseudoacacia), aerial part, dry Leaves and branches of black locust (Robinia pseudoacacia L.), dry
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia auriculiformis), aerial part, dry Acacia (Acacia auriculiformis A. Cunn. ex Benth), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Albizia (Albizia chinensis), aerial part, fresh Albizia (Albizia chinensis (Osb.) Merr.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Papaya (Carica papaya), leaves, dried Papaya (Carica papaya L.), leaves, dried
Fresh forages European hackberry (Celtis australis), aerial part, fresh European hackberry (Celtis australis L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Taro (Colocasia esculenta), aerial part, fresh Taro (Colocasia esculenta (L.) Schott), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Guar (Cyamopsis tetragonoloba), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of guar (Cyamopsis tetragonoloba L.)
Fresh forages Mountain ebony (Bauhinia variegata), aerial part, fresh Mountain ebony (Bauhinia variegata L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Banyan (Ficus benghalensis), aerial part, fresh Banyan (Ficus benghalensis L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Rubber fig (Ficus elastica), leaves, fresh Rubber fig (Ficus elastica Roxb. ex Hornem.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Cluster fig (Ficus racemosa), aerial part, fresh Cluster fig (Ficus racemosa L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Spotted fig (Ficus virens), aerial part, fresh Spotted fig (Ficus virens Aiton), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Sacred fig (Ficus religiosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sacred fig (Ficus religiosa L.)
Fresh forages Lebbek (Albizia lebbeck), aerial part, dry Lebbek (Albizia lebbeck (L.) Benth.), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Grewia (Grewia bicolor), aerial part, fresh Grewia (Grewia bicolor A. Juss.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Bhimal (Grewia optiva), aerial part, fresh Bhimal (Grewia optiva J. R. Drumm. ex Burret), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Moringa (Moringa oleifera), aerial part, fresh Moringa (Moringa oleifera Lam.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Black mulberry (Morus nigra), aerial part, fresh Black mulberry (Morus nigra L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Guava (Psidium guajava), aerial part, fresh Guava (Psidium guajava L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Moru oak (Quercus floribunda), leaves, fresh Moru oak (Quercus floribunda Lindl. ex A. Camus), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Blue Japanese oak (Quercus glauca), leaves, fresh Blue Japanese oak (Quercus glauca Thunb.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Banj oak (Quercus leucotrichophora), leaves, fresh Banj oak (Quercus leucotrichophora A. Camus), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Jambul (Syzygium cumini), aerial part, fresh Jambul (Syzygium cumini (L.) Skeels), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Babul (Acacia nilotica), aerial part, fresh Babul (Acacia nilotica (L.) Willd. ex Delile), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Avocado (Persea americana), aerial part, fresh Avocado (Persea americana Mill.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Porcupine jointvech (Aeschynomene histrix), aerial part, fresh Porcupine jointvech (Aeschynomene histrix Poir.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Paper mulberry (Broussonetia papyrifera), aerial part, fresh Paper mulberry (Broussonetia papyrifera (L.) Vent.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Umbrella thorn (Acacia tortilis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of umbrella thorn (Acacia tortilis (Forssk.) Hayne)
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia mangium), aerial part, fresh Acacia (Acacia mangium Willd.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Black thorn (Acacia mellifera), aerial part, fresh Black thorn (Acacia mellifera (M.Vahl) Benth.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Australian red cedar (Toona ciliata), leaves, fresh Australian red cedar (Toona ciliata M. Roem.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Brown oak (Quercus semecarpifolia), leaves, fresh Brown oak (Quercus semecarpifolia Sm.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages India willow (Salix tetrasperma), aerial part, fresh India willow (Salix tetrasperma Roxb.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Black cutch (Senegalia catechu), aerial part, fresh Black cutch (Senegalia catechu P.J.H. Hurter & Mabb.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Flamboyant (Delonix regia), aerial part, fresh Flamboyant (Delonix regia (Bojer) Raf.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Monkey jack tree (Artocarpus lacucha), aerial part, fresh Monkey jack tree (Artocarpus lacucha Buch.-Ham.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Roxburgh fig (Ficus auriculata), aerial part, fresh Roxburgh fig (Ficus auriculata Lour.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Mango (Mangifera indica), aerial part, fresh Mango (Mangifera indica L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Jackfruit (Artocarpus heterophyllus), aerial part, fresh Jackfruit (Artocarpus heterophyllus Lam.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages White mulberry (Morus alba), aerial part, dehydrated White mulberry (Morus alba L.), aerial part, dehydrated
Fresh forages Phulai (Acacia modesta), aerial part, fresh Phulai (Acacia modesta Wall.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia brevispica), aerial part, dry Acacia (Acacia brevispica Harms), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Musasa (Brachystegia spiciformis), aerial part, fresh Musasa (Brachystegia spiciformis Benth.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Indian horse chestnut (Aesculus indica), leaves, fresh Indian horse chestnut (Aesculus indica (Wall. ex Cambess.) Hook. 1859), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Tree of heaven (Ailanthus altissima), aerial part, fresh Tree of heaven (Ailanthus altissima (Mill.) Swingle), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Sea wormwood (Artemisia maritima), leaves, fresh Sea wormwood (Artemisia maritima L.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Himalayan birch (Betula utilis), leaves, fresh Himalayan birch (Betula utilis D. Don), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Caucasian hackberry (Celtis caucasica), aerial part, fresh Caucasian hackberry (Celtis caucasica Willd.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Hopbush (Dodonaea viscosa), aerial part, fresh Hopbush (Dodonaea viscosa Jacq.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Ficus (Ficus nemoralis), leaves, fresh Ficus (Ficus nemoralis Wall.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Bedu (Ficus palmata), leaves, fresh Bedu (Ficus palmata Forssk.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Ficus (Ficus sarmentosa), leaves, fresh Ficus (Ficus sarmentosa Buch.-Ham. ex Sm.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Chinaberry (Melia azedarach), aerial part, fresh Chinaberry (Melia azedarach L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Cape myrtle (Myrsine africana), leaves, fresh Cape myrtle (Myrsine africana L.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Indian olive (Olea europaea subsp. cuspidata), leaves, fresh Indian olive (Olea europaea subsp. cuspidata), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Poplar (Populus nigra var. italica Münchh.), aerial part, fresh Poplar (Populus nigra var. italica Münchh.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Bluejack oak (Quercus incana), leaves, fresh Bluejack oak (Quercus incana Bartram), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Teak (Tectona grandis), leaves, fresh Teak (Tectona grandis L.f.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Camel thorn (Alhagi maurorum), aerial part, dried Camel thorn (Alhagi maurorum Medik.), aerial part, dried
Fresh forages River red gum (Eucalyptus camaldulensis), leaves, dried River red gum (Eucalyptus camaldulensis Dehnh.), leaves, dried
Fresh forages Jatropha (Jatropha curcas) aerial part, dried Jatropha (Jatropha curcas L.) aerial part, dried
Fresh forages Prosopis (Prosopis stephaniana), aerial part, dried Prosopis (Prosopis stephaniana Kunth ex Spreng.), aerial part, dried
Fresh forages Bluethorn (Acacia erubescens), aerial part, fresh Bluethorn (Acacia erubescens Welw. ex Oliv.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Sweet thorn (Acacia karroo), aerial part, dry Sweet thorn (Acacia karroo Hayne), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Black thorn (Acacia mellifera), aerial part, dry Black thorn (Acacia mellifera (M.Vahl) Benth.), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Silky acacia (Acacia rehmanniana), aerial part, dry Silky acacia (Acacia rehmanniana Schinz), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Witgatboom (Boscia albitrunca), aerial part, fresh Witgatboom (Boscia albitrunca (Burch.) Gilg. & Ben.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Grewia (Grewia flava), aerial part, fresh Grewia (Grewia flava DC.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Moringa (Moringa oleifera), aerial part, dehydrated Moringa (Moringa oleifera Lam.), aerial part, dehydrated
Fresh forages Buffalo thorn (Ziziphus mucronata), aerial part, dry Buffalo thorn (Ziziphus mucronata Willd.), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Conkerberry (Carissa spinarum), aerial part, fresh Conkerberry (Carissa spinarum L.), leaves, fresh. Synonym: Carissa edulis Vahl
Fresh forages Sallowthorn (Hippophae rhamnoides), leaves, fresh Sallowthorn (Hippophae rhamnoides L.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Banj oak (Quercus leucotrichophora), leaves, dried Banj oak (Quercus leucotrichophora A. Camus), leaves, dried
Fresh forages Acacia (Vachellia elatior), aerial part, dry Acacia (Vachellia elatior (Brenan) Kyal. & Boatwr.), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Giraffe acacia (Acacia ×giraffae), aerial part, fresh Giraffe acacia (Acacia ×giraffae Willd.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Sweet thorn (Acacia karroo), aerial part, fresh Sweet thorn (Acacia karroo Hayne), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Grewia (Grewia flavescens), aerial part, fresh Grewia (Grewia flavescens Juss.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Monkey thorn (Acacia galpinii), aerial part, fresh Monkey thorn (Acacia galpinii Burtt Davy), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Monkey thorn (Acacia galpinii), aerial part, dry Monkey thorn (Acacia galpinii Burtt Davy), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Babul (Acacia nilotica), aerial part, dry Babul (Acacia nilotica (L.) Willd. ex Delile), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Silky acacia (Acacia rehmanniana), aerial part, fresh Silky acacia (Acacia rehmanniana Schinz), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Paperback thorn (Acacia sieberiana), aerial part, dry Paperback thorn (Acacia sieberiana DC.), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Umbrella thorn (Acacia tortilis), aerial part, dry Umbrella thorn (Acacia tortilis (Forssk.) Hayne), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Gum arabic tree (Acacia senegal), aerial part, dry Gum arabic tree (Acacia senegal (L.) Willd.), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Desert date (Balanites aegyptiacus), aerial part, dry Desert date (Balanites aegyptiacus (L.) Delile), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Christ's thorn (Ziziphus spina-christi), aerial part, dry Christ's thorn (Ziziphus spina-christi (L.) Desf.), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia angustissima), aerial part, dry Acacia (Acacia angustissima (Mill.) Kuntze), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Balsam fir (Abies balsamea), aerial part, dried Balsam fir (Abies balsamea (L.) Mill.), aerial part, dried
Fresh forages White cedar (Thuja occidentalis), aerial part, dry White cedar (Thuja occidentalis L.), aerial part, dried
Fresh forages Andean alder (Alnus acuminata), aerial part, fresh Andean alder (Alnus acuminata Kunth), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Coconut leaves, fresh Coconut leaves, fresh (Cocos nucifera L.)
Fresh forages Eucalyptus (Eucalyptus spp.), leaves, fresh Eucalyptus (Eucalyptus spp.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Rose of China (Hibiscus rosa-sinensis), leaves, fresh Rose of China (Hibiscus rosa-sinensis L.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Mulberry (Morus spp.), aerial part, fresh Mulberry (Morus spp.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Calabur tree (Muntingia calabura), leaves, fresh Calabur tree (Muntingia calabura L.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Nacedero (Trichanthera gigantea), leaves, dry Nacedero (Trichanthera gigantea Nees), leaves, dry
Fresh forages Moringa (Moringa oleifera), stems, dry Moringa (Moringa oleifera Lam.), stems, dehydrated
Fresh forages Moringa (Moringa stenopetala), aerial part, fresh Moringa (Moringa stenopetala (Baker f.) Cufod.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Brazilian firetree (Schizolobium parahyba), leaves, fresh Brazilian firetree (Schizolobium parahyba (Vell.) S. F. Blake), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Guava (Psidium guajava), bark Guava (Psidium guajava L.), bark
Fresh forages Guava (Psidium guajava), branches Guava (Psidium guajava L.), branches
Fresh forages Guava (Psidium guajava), shoots, fresh Guava (Psidium guajava L.), shoots
Fresh forages Guava (Psidium guajava), aerial part, dry Guava (Psidium guajava L.), aerial part, dried
Fresh forages Hibiscus (Hibiscus spp.), leaves, fresh Hibiscus (Hibiscus spp.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Jatropha (Jatropha curcas) aerial part, fresh Jatropha (Jatropha curcas L.) aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Phaleria (Phaleria papuana), leaves, fresh Phaleria (Phaleria papuana Warb. ex K. Schum. & Lauterb.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Cattley guava (Psidium cattleyanum), bark Cattley guava (Psidium cattleyanum Sabine), bark
Fresh forages Cattley guava (Psidium cattleyanum), branches Cattley guava (Psidium cattleyanum Sabine), branches
Fresh forages Cattley guava (Psidium cattleyanum), leaves, fresh Cattley guava (Psidium cattleyanum Sabine), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Cattley guava (Psidium cattleyanum), shoots, fresh Cattley guava (Psidium cattleyanum Sabine), shoots
Fresh forages Morinda (Morinda citrifolia), aerial part, fresh Morinda (Morinda citrifolia L.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Argan (Argania spinosa), leaves, dry Argan (Argania spinosa (L.) Skeels), leaves, dry
Fresh forages Kara-kara (Enterolobium contortisiliquum), aerial part, fresh Kara-kara (Enterolobium contortisiliquum (Vell.) Morong), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia cyanophylla), aerial part, fresh Fresh leaves and twigs of acacia (Acacia cyanophylla Lindl.).
Fresh forages Camel thorn (Alhagi maurorum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of camel thorn (Alhagi maurorum Medik.)
Fresh forages Albaida (Anthyllis cytisoides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of albaida (Anthyllis cytisoides L.)
Fresh forages Grecian strawberry tree (Arbutus andrachne), aerial part, fresh Fresh part of Grecian strawberry tree (Arbutus andrachne L.).
Fresh forages Hybrid strawberry tree (Arbutus x andrachnoides), aerial part, fresh Hybrid strawberry tree (Arbutus × andrachnoides Link), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Strawberry tree (Arbutus unedo), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of strawberry tree (Arbutus unedo L.).
Fresh forages Artemisia (Artemisia fragrans), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of artemisia (Artemisia fragrans L.)
Fresh forages Gum tragacanth (Astragalus gummifer), hay Sun-cured aerial part of tragacanth (Astragalus gummifer Labill.)
Fresh forages European milkvetch (Astragalus hamosus), hay Sun-cured aerial part of milkvetch (Astragalus hamosus L.)
Fresh forages Tragacanth (Astragalus tragacantha), hay Sun-cured aerial part of tragacanth (Astragalus tragacantha L.)
Fresh forages European chestnut (Castanea sativa), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Rockrose (Cistus clusii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of rockrose (Cistus clusii Dunal)
Fresh forages Bladder senna (Colutea arborescens), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of bladder senna (Colutea arborescens L.)
Fresh forages Fig tree (Ficus carica), aerial part fresh Fig tree (Ficus carica L.), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Fig tree (Ficus carica), aerial part, dry Fig tree (Ficus carica L.), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages European ash (Fraxinus excelsior), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of European ash (Fraxinus excelsior L.)
Fresh forages European ash (Fraxinus excelsior), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of european ash (Fraxinus excelsior L.)
Fresh forages Clammy cistus (Fumana thymifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of clammy cistus (Fumana thymifolia (L.) Spach)
Fresh forages Honey locust (Gleditsia triacanthos), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of honey locust (Gleditsia triacanthos L.)
Fresh forages Prickly juniper (Juniperus oxycedrus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of prickly juniper (Juniperus oxycedrus L.).
Fresh forages Olive tree, aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of olive (Olea europaea L.)
Fresh forages White poplar (Populus alba), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of white poplar (Populus alba L.)
Fresh forages White poplar (Populus alba), stems, fresh Stems of white poplar (Populus alba L.)
Fresh forages Canadian poplar (Populus × canadensis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of Canadian poplar (Populus × canadensis Moench)
Fresh forages Canadian poplar (Populus x canadensis), stems, fresh Stems of Canadian poplar (Populus × canadensis Moench)
Fresh forages Canadian poplar (Populus x canadensis), bark, dry Bark of Canadian poplar (Populus × canadensis Moench)
Fresh forages Turkey oak (Quercus cerris), leaves, fresh Fresh leaves of Turkey oak (Quercus cerris L.)
Fresh forages Turkey oak (Quercus cerris), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of turkey oak (Quercus cerris L.)
Fresh forages Kermes oak (Quercus ilex), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of kermes oak (Quercus ilex L.)
Fresh forages Pubescent oak (Quercus pubescens), leaves, fresh Pubescent oak (Quercus pubescens Willd.), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Pubescent oak (Quercus pubescens), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of Pubescent oak (Quercus pubescens Willd.)
Fresh forages Yellow retama (Retama sphaerocarpa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of yellow retama (Retama sphaerocarpa L.)
Fresh forages Black locust (Robinia pseudoacacia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of black locust (Robinia pseudoacacia L.)
Fresh forages Orfot (Vachellia oerfota), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of orfot (Vachellia oerfota (Forssk.) Kyal. & Boatwr.)
Fresh forages Albizia (Albizia petersiana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of albizia (Albizia petersiana (Bolle) Oliv.)
Fresh forages Justicia (Justicia spp.), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of justicia (Justicia spp.)
Fresh forages Lannea (Lannea schweinfurthii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of lannea (Lannea schweinfurthii Engl.)
Fresh forages Lannea (Lannea tomentosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of lannea (Lannea tomentosa Engl.)
Fresh forages Maerua (Maerua trichophylla), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of maerua (Maerua trichophylla Gilg)
Fresh forages Grewia (Grewia tembensis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of grewia (Grewia tembensis Fresen.)
Fresh forages Sumac (Rhus natalensis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sumac (Rhus natalensis Bernh. ex C. Krauss)
Fresh forages Vernonia (Vernonia cinerascens), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of vernonia (Vernonia cinerascens Sch. Bip.)
Fresh forages Grewia (Grewia hostii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of grewia (Grewia hostii ?)
Fresh forages Acacia (Vachellia abyssinica), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of acacia (Vachellia abyssinica (Hochst. ex. Benth.) Kyal. & Boatwr.)
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia hockii), leaves, dry Acacia (Acacia hockii De Wild.), leaves, dry
Fresh forages Albizia (Albizia coriaria), aerial part, dry Albizia (Albizia coriaria Welw. ex Oliv.), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Bridelia (Bridelia micrantha), aerial part, dry Bridelia (Bridelia micrantha (Hochst.) Baill.), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Terminalia (Terminalia brownii), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of terminalia (Terminalia brownii Fresen)
Fresh forages Acacia (Vachellia elatior), aerial part, fresh Acacia (Vachellia elatior (Brenan) Kyal. & Boatwr.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Grey hair acacia (Acacia gerrardii), aerial part, fresh Grey hair acacia (Acacia gerrardii Benth.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Kaunthia (Albizia amara), flowers Kaunthia (Albizia amara (Roxb.) B. Boivin), flowers, fresh
Fresh forages Kaunthia (Albizia amara), aerial part, fresh Kaunthia (Albizia amara (Roxb.) B. Boivin), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Knob wood (Zanthoxylum chalybeum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of knob wood (Zanthoxylum chalybeum Engl. var. chalybeum)
Fresh forages Grewia (Grewia kakothamnos), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of grewia (Grewia kakothamnos K.Schum.)
Fresh forages Hibiscus (Hibiscus lunariifolius), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of hibiscus (Hibiscus lunariifolius Willd.)
Fresh forages Elephant bush (Portulacaria afra), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of elephant bush (Portulacaria afra (L.) Jacq.)
Fresh forages Sida (Sida schimperiana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sida (Sida schimperiana Hochst. ex A. Rich.)
Fresh forages Salam (Acacia ehrenbergiana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of salam (Acacia ehrenbergiana Hayne)
Fresh forages Christ's thorn (Ziziphus spina-christi), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of christ's thorn (Ziziphus spina-christi (L.) Desf.)
Fresh forages Sweet thorn (Vachellia lahai), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sweet thorn (Vachellia lahai (Steud. & Hochst. ex. Benth.) Kyal. & Boatwr.)
Fresh forages Sudanese frankincense (Boswellia papyrifera), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sudanese frankincense (Boswellia papyrifera (Delile ex Caill.) Hochst.)
Fresh forages Sterculia (Sterculia africana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sterculia (Sterculia africana (Lour.) Fiori)
Fresh forages Millettia (Millettia extensa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of millettia (Millettia extensa (Benth.) Baker)
Fresh forages Prosopis (Prosopis cineraria), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of prosopis (Prosopis cineraria (L.) Druce)
Fresh forages Axelwood (Anogeissus latifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of axelwood (Anogeissus latifolia (Roxb. ex DC.) Wall. ex Guill. & Perr.)
Fresh forages Spotted fig (Ficus virens), leaves, shed Spotted fig (Ficus virens Aiton), leaves, fresh
Fresh forages Illipe (Madhuca longifolia ), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of Illipe (Madhuca longifolia (Koenig) Macbr.)
Fresh forages Indian date palm (Phoenix sylvestris), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of indian date palm (Phoenix sylvestris (L.) Roxb.)
Fresh forages Castor (Ricinus communis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of castor (Ricinus communis L.)
Fresh forages Bahera (Terminalia bellirica), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of bahera (Terminalia bellirica (Gaertn.) Roxb.)
Fresh forages Asna (Terminalia elliptica), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of asna (Terminalia elliptica Willd.)
Fresh forages Indian ash tree (Lannea coromandelica), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of indian ash tree (Lannea coromandelica (Houtt.) Merr.)
Fresh forages Vachellia (Vachellia leucophloea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of vachellia (Vachellia leucophloea (Roxb.) Maslin, Seigler & Ebinger)
Fresh forages Bidi leaf tree (Bauhinia racemosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of bidi leaf tree (Bauhinia racemosa Lam.)
Fresh forages Maytenus (Maytenus emarginata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of maytenus (Maytenus emarginata (Ruiz & Pav.) Loes.)
Fresh forages Indian screw tree (Helicteres isora), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of indian screw tree (Helicteres isora L.)
Fresh forages American jointvetch (Aeschynomene americana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of american jointvetch (Aeschynomene americana L.)
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia koa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of acacia (Acacia koa A. Gray)
Fresh forages Cassia (Chamaecrista pilosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cassia (Chamaecrista pilosa (L.) Greene)
Fresh forages Desmodium (Desmodium maxonii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of desmodium (Desmodium maxonii (Standl.) Standl.)
Fresh forages Dioclea (Dioclea guianensis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of dioclea (Dioclea guianensis Benth.)
Fresh forages Peruvian peppertree (Schinus molle), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of peruvian peppertree (Schinus molle L.)
Fresh forages Silk floss tree (Ceiba speciosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of silk floss tree (Ceiba speciosa (A.St.-Hil.) Ravenna)
Fresh forages River red gum (Eucalyptus camaldulensis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of river red gum (Eucalyptus camaldulensis Dehnh.)
Fresh forages Pithecellobium (Pithecellobium lanceolatum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of pithecellobium (Pithecellobium lanceolatum (Willd.) Benth.)
Fresh forages Albizia (Albizia niopoides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of albizia (Albizia niopoides (Benth.) Burkart)
Fresh forages Pink shower tree (Cassia grandis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of pink shower tree (Cassia grandis L.f.)
Fresh forages Leucaena (Leucaena macrophylla), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of leucaena (Leucaena macrophylla Benth.)
Fresh forages Mulga (Acacia aneura), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of mulga (Acacia aneura Benth.)
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia angustissima), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of acacia (Acacia angustissima (Mill.) Kuntze)
Fresh forages Oak (Quercus serrata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of oak (Quercus serrata Murray)
Fresh forages Ahaba (Dactyladenia barteri), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ahaba (Dactyladenia barteri (Hook.f. ex Oliv.) Prance & F.White)
Fresh forages Millettia (Millettia thonningii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of millettia (Millettia thonningii (Schum. & Thonn.) Baker)
Fresh forages Bauhinia (Bauhinia reticulata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of bauhinia (Bauhinia reticulata DC.)
Fresh forages Eucalyptus (Eucalyptus punctata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of eucalyptus (Eucalyptus punctata A.Cunn. ex DC.)
Fresh forages Himalayan poplar (Populus ciliata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of himalayan poplar (Populus ciliata Wall. ex Royle)
Fresh forages Tephrosia (Tephrosia candida), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of tephrosia (Tephrosia candida (Roxb.) DC.)
Fresh forages African sandalwood (Baphia nitida), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of african sandalwood (Baphia nitida Lodd.)
Fresh forages Brazilian jackbean (Canavalia brasiliensis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of brazilian jackbean (Canavalia brasiliensis Benth.)
Fresh forages Leucaena (Leucaena diversifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of leucaena (Leucaena diversifolia (Schltdl.) Benth.)
Fresh forages Gmelina (Gmelina arborea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of gmelina (Gmelina arborea Roxb.)
Fresh forages Sphenostylis (Sphenostylis schweinfurthii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sphenostylis (Sphenostylis schweinfurthii Harms)
Fresh forages Malvaviscus (Malvaviscus arboreus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of malvaviscus (Malvaviscus arboreus Cav.)
Fresh forages Bridelia (Bridelia micrantha), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of bridelia (Bridelia micrantha (Hochst.) Baill.)
Fresh forages Sesban (Sesbania macrantha), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sesban (Sesbania macrantha E.Phillips & Hutch.)
Fresh forages Afzelia (Afzelia bella), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of afzelia (Afzelia bella Harms)
Fresh forages Savonette (Lonchocarpus sericeus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of savonette (Lonchocarpus sericeus (Poir.) DC.)
Fresh forages Newbouldia (Newbouldia laevis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of newbouldia (Newbouldia laevis (P.Beauv.) Seem.)
Fresh forages Cassia (Cassia javanica subsp. nodosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cassia (Cassia javanica subsp. nodosa (Roxb.) K.Larsen & S.S.Larsen)
Fresh forages Tetrapleura (Tetrapleura tetraptera), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of tetrapleura (Tetrapleura tetraptera (Schum. & Thonn.) Taubert)
Fresh forages African locust bean (Parkia filicoidea), aerial part, dry African locust bean (Parkia filicoidea Welw. ex Oliv.), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages River jam (Acacia coriacea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of river jam (Acacia coriacea DC.)
Fresh forages Acacia (Vachellia dolichocephala), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of acacia (Vachellia dolichocephala (Harms) Kyal. & Boatwr.)
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia melanoxylon), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of acacia (Acacia melanoxylon R.Br.)
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia microbotrya), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of acacia (Acacia microbotrya Benth.)
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia persiciflora), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of acacia (Acacia persiciflora Pax)
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia venosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of acacia (Acacia venosa Benth.)
Fresh forages Albizia (Albizia schimperiana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of albizia (Albizia schimperiana Oliv.)
Fresh forages River sheoak (Casuarina cunninghamiana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of river sheoak (Casuarina cunninghamiana Miq.)
Fresh forages Casuarina (Casuarina glauca), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of casuarina (Casuarina glauca Sieber ex Spreng.)
Fresh forages Carob (Ceratonia silica), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of carob (Ceratonia silica L.)
Fresh forages Erythrina (Erythrina spp.), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of erythrina (Erythrina spp.)
Fresh forages Erythrina (Erythrina bentipoeme), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of erythrina (Erythrina bentipoeme ?)
Fresh forages Erythrina (Erythrina burana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of erythrina (Erythrina burana Chiov.)
Fresh forages Leucaena (Leucaena pallida), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of leucaena (Leucaena pallida x diversifolia)
Fresh forages Leucaena (Leucaena pulverulenta), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of leucaena (Leucaena pulverulenta (Schltdl.) Benth.)
Fresh forages Sesban (Sesbania goetzei), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sesban (Sesbania goetzei Harms)
Fresh forages Tagasaste (Cytisus proliferus), aerial part, fresg Fresh aerial part of tagasaste (Cytisus proliferus L. f.). The tagasaste is a temperate to tropical shrub (Australia and New-Zealand) used as a protein-rich fodder.
Fresh forages Millettia (Millettia griffoniana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of millettia (Millettia griffoniana Baill.)
Fresh forages Treculia (Treculia africana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of treculia (Treculia africana Decne. ex Trécul)
Fresh forages Grewia (Grewia pubescens), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of grewia (Grewia pubescens P.Beauv.)
Fresh forages African locust bean (Parkia bicolor), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of african locust bean (Parkia bicolor A.Chev.)
Fresh forages Albizia (Albizia ferruginea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of albizia (Albizia ferruginea (Guill. & Perr.) Benth.)
Fresh forages Albizia (Albizia gummifera), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of albizia (Albizia gummifera (J.F.Gmel.) C.A.Sm.)
Fresh forages Anthonotha (Anthonotha macrophylla), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of anthonotha (Anthonotha macrophylla P.Beauv.)
Fresh forages Bauhinia (Bauhinia monandra), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of bauhinia (Bauhinia monandra Kurz)
Fresh forages Berlinia (Berlinia grandiflora), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of berlinia (Berlinia grandiflora (Vahl) Hutch. & Dalziel)
Fresh forages Ice cream bean (Inga edulis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ice cream bean (Inga edulis Mart.)
Fresh forages Napoleonaea (Napoleonaea imperialis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of napoleonaea (Napoleonaea imperialis P.Beauv.)
Fresh forages Platysepalum (Platysepalum violaceum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of platysepalum (Platysepalum violaceum Baker)
Fresh forages Terminalia (Terminalia superba), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of terminalia (Terminalia superba Engl. & Diels)
Fresh forages Xylia (Xylia xylocarpa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of xylia (Xylia xylocarpa (Roxb.) Taub.)
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia cornigera), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of acacia (Acacia cornigera (L.) Willd.)
Fresh forages Albizia (Albizia lebbekoides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of albizia (Albizia lebbekoides (DC.) Benth.)
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia gaumeri), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of acacia (Acacia gaumeri S.F.Blake)
Fresh forages Bursera (Bursera simaruba), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of bursera (Bursera simaruba (L.) Sarg.)
Fresh forages Erythrina (Erythrina standleyana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of erythrina (Erythrina standleyana Krukoff)
Fresh forages Piscidia (Piscidia piscipula), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of piscidia (Piscidia piscipula (L.) Sarg.)
Fresh forages Vitex (Vitex gaumeri), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of vitex (Vitex gaumeri Greenm.)
Fresh forages Leucaena (Leucaena trichandra), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of leucaena (Leucaena trichandra (Zucc.) Urb.)
Fresh forages Leucaena (Leucaena leucocephala x pallida), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of leucaena (Leucaena leucocephala x pallida)
Fresh forages Leucaena (Leucaena leucocephala x diversifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of leucaena (Leucaena leucocephala x diversifolia)
Fresh forages Kapok (Ceiba pentandra), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of kapok (Ceiba pentandra (L.) Gaertn.)
Fresh forages Tiliacora (Tiliacora triandra), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of tiliacora (Tiliacora triandra Diels)
Fresh forages Macropanax (Macropanax dispermus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of macropanax (Macropanax dispermus (Blume) Kuntze)
Fresh forages Mangosteen (Garcinia × mangostana), peels Peels of mangosteen (Garcinia × mangostana L.) fruits
Fresh forages Pongam (Pongamia pinnata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of pongam (Pongamia pinnata (L.) Pierre)
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia reficiens), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of acacia (Acacia reficiens Wawra)
Fresh forages Desert date (Balanites rotundifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of desert date (Balanites rotundifolia (Tiegh.) Blatt.)
Fresh forages Barleria (Barleria proxima), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of barleria (Barleria proxima Lindau)
Fresh forages Barleria (Barleria proxima), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of barleria (Barleria proxima Lindau)
Fresh forages Boscia (Boscia coriacea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of boscia (Boscia coriacea Graells)
Fresh forages Cadaba (Cadaba mirabilis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cadaba (Cadaba mirabilis Gilg)
Fresh forages Cadaba (Cadaba ruspolii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cadaba (Cadaba ruspolii Gilg)
Fresh forages Commiphora (Commiphora edulis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of commiphora (Commiphora edulis (Klotzsch) Engl.)
Fresh forages Commiphora (Commiphora paolii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of commiphora (Commiphora paolii Chiov.)
Fresh forages Craibia (Craibia laurentii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of craibia (Craibia laurentii (De Wild.) De Wild.)
Fresh forages Crotalaria (Crotalaria deserticola), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of crotalaria (Crotalaria deserticola Baker f.)
Fresh forages Duosperma (Duosperma longicalyx), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of duosperma (Duosperma longicalyx (Deflers) Vollesen)
Fresh forages Heliotropium (Heliotropium steudneri), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of heliotropium (Heliotropium steudneri Vatke)
Fresh forages Indigofera (Indigofera cliffordiana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of indigo (Indigofera cliffordiana J.B.Gillett)
Fresh forages Indigo (Indigofera hochstetteri), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of indigo (Indigofera hochstetteri Baker)
Fresh forages Lawsonia (Lawsonia inermis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of lawsonia (Lawsonia inermis L.)
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia pennatula), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of acacia (Acacia pennatula (Schltdl. & Cham.) Benth.)
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia macilenta), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of acacia (Acacia macilenta Rose)
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia riparia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of acacia (Acacia riparia Kunth)
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia cochliacantha), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of acacia (Acacia cochliacantha Willd.)
Fresh forages Albizia (Albizia tomentosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of albizia (Albizia tomentosa (Micheli) Standl.)
Fresh forages Coursetia (Coursetia caribaea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of coursetia (Coursetia caribaea (Jacq.) Lavin)
Fresh forages Leucaena (Leucaena esculenta), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of leucaena (Leucaena esculenta (DC.) Benth.)
Fresh forages Smooth mesquite (Prosopis laevigata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of smooth mesquite (Prosopis laevigata (Willd.) M.C.Johnst.)
Fresh forages Sideroxylon (Sideroxylon capiri), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sideroxylon (Sideroxylon capiri (A.DC.) Pittier)
Fresh forages Verbesina (Verbesina fastigiata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of verbesina (Verbesina fastigiata B.L.Rob. & Greenm.)
Fresh forages Viguiera (Viguiera dentata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of viguiera (Viguiera dentata (Cav.) Spreng.)
Fresh forages African stylo (Stylosanthes fruticosa), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of African stylo (Stylosanthes fruticosa (Retz.) Alston)
Fresh forages Leucanea (Leucaena leucocephala), flowers, fresh Flowers of leucaena (Leucaena leucocephala (Lam.) de Wit).
Fresh forages Coffee leaves, dry Dry coffee leaves (Coffea arabica L.).
Fresh forages Flat-crown (Albizia adianthifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of flat-crown (Albizia adianthifolia (Schum.) W.Wight)
Fresh forages Safou (Dacryodes edulis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of safou (Dacryodes edulis (G.Don) H.J.Lam)
Fresh forages Cistus (Cistus salviifolius), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cistus (Cistus salviifolius L.)
Fresh forages Cork oak (Quercus suber), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cork oak (Quercus suber L.)
Fresh forages Ana tree (Faidherbia albida), flowers, fresh Ana tree (Faidherbia albida (Delile) A. Chev.), flowers, fresh
Fresh forages Atil (Maerua crassifolia), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of atil (Maerua crassifolia Forssk.)
Fresh forages Mesquite (Prosopis juliflora), flowers, fresh Mesquite (Prosopis juliflora (Sw.) DC), flowers, fresh
Fresh forages Weeping willow (Salix babylonica), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of weeping willow (Salix babylonica L.)
Fresh forages Algaroba (Prosopis chilensis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of algaroba (Prosopis chilensis (Mol.) Stuntz)
Fresh forages Karoo (Searsia lancea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of karoo (Searsia lancea (L.f.) F.A.Barkle)
Fresh forages Southern live oak (Quercus virginiana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of southern live oak (Quercus virginiana Mill.)
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia boliviana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of acacia (Acacia boliviana Rusby)
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia burkei), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of acacia (Acacia burkei Benth.)
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia glauca), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of acacia (Acacia glauca (L.) Moench)
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia tortilis subsp. raddiana), aerial part, dry Acacia (Acacia tortilis (Forssk.) Hayne subsp. raddiana (Savi) Brenan), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Oil bean tree (Pentaclethra macrophylla), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of oil bean tree (Pentaclethra macrophylla Benth.)
Fresh forages Annatto (Bixa orellana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of annatto (Bixa orellana L.)
Fresh forages Ashe juniper (Juniperus ashei), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ashe juniper (Juniperus ashei J.Buchholz)
Fresh forages Assyrian plum (Cordia myxa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of assyrian plum (Cordia myxa L.)
Fresh forages Country almond (Terminalia catappa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of country almond (Terminalia catappa L.)
Fresh forages Haronga (Harungana madagascariensis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of haronga (Harungana madagascariensis Lam. ex Poir.)
Fresh forages Bush willow (Combretum erythrophyllum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of bush willow (Combretum erythrophyllum (Burch.) Sond.)
Fresh forages Oriental hornbeam (Carpinus orientalis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of oriental hornbeam (Carpinus orientalis Mill.)
Fresh forages Charcoal tree (Trema orientalis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of charcoal tree (Trema orientalis (L.) Blume)
Fresh forages Erythrina (Erythrina spp.), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of erythrina (Erythrina spp.)
Fresh forages Indian rubber plant (Ficus elasticoides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of indian rubber plant (Ficus elasticoides De Wild.)
Fresh forages Ficus (Ficus neriifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ficus (Ficus neriifolia Sm.)
Fresh forages Ficus (Ficus semicordata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ficus (Ficus semicordata Buch.-Ham. ex Sm.)
Fresh forages Garuga (Garuga pinnata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of garuga (Garuga pinnata Roxb.)
Fresh forages Grewia (Grewia velutina), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of grewia (Grewia velutina (Forssk.) Lam.)
Fresh forages Grewia (Grewia carpinifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of grewia (Grewia carpinifolia Juss.)
Fresh forages Grewia (Grewia similis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of grewia (Grewia similis K.Schum.)
Fresh forages Hetero (Desmodium heterophyllum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of hetero (Desmodium heterophyllum (Willd.) DC.)
Fresh forages Hibiscus (Hibiscus micranthus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of hibiscus (Hibiscus micranthus L.f.)
Fresh forages Hibiscus (Hibiscus trionum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of hibiscus (Hibiscus trionum L.)
Fresh forages Indigo (Indigofera trita), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of indigo (Indigofera trita L.f.)
Fresh forages Indigo (Indigofera zollingeriana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of indigo (Indigofera zollingeriana Miq.)
Fresh forages Kermes oak (Quercus coccifera), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of kermes oak (Quercus coccifera L.)
Fresh forages Lannea (Lannea fulva), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of lannea (Lannea fulva (Engl.) Engl.)
Fresh forages Lannea (Lannea triphylla), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of lannea (Lannea triphylla (Hochst. ex A. Rich.) Engl.)
Fresh forages Lentisk (Pistacia lentiscus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of lentisk (Pistacia lentiscus L.)
Fresh forages Manna ash (Fraxinus ornus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of manna ash (Fraxinus ornus L.)
Fresh forages Njangsa (Ricinodendron heudelotii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ricinodendron (Ricinodendron heudelotii (Baill.) Heckel)
Fresh forages Orange (Citrus sinensis), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of orange (Citrus sinensis (L.) Osb.)
Fresh forages Phoenicean juniper (Juniperus phoenicea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of Phoenicean juniper (Juniperus phoenicea L.)
Fresh forages Porcupine jointvech (Aeschynomene histrix), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of porcupine jointvech (Aeschynomene histrix Poir.)
Fresh forages Poro (Erythrina poeppigiana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of poro (Erythrina poeppigiana (Walp.) O.F.Cook)
Fresh forages Cotton tree (Bombax ceiba), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cotton tree (Bombax ceiba L.)
Fresh forages Cotton lavender (Santolina chamaecyparissus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cotton lavender (Santolina chamaecyparissus L.)
Fresh forages Karoo (Searsia lancea), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of karoo (Searsia lancea (L.f.) F.A.Barkle)
Fresh forages Upas (Antiaris toxicaria), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of upas (Antiaris toxicaria Lesch.)
Fresh forages Whistling thorn (Acacia drepanolobium), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of whistling thorn (Acacia drepanolobium Sjostedt)
Fresh forages Sourplum (Ximenia caffra), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sourplum (Ximenia caffra Sond.)
Fresh forages Yeheb (Cordeauxia edulis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of yeheb (Cordeauxia edulis Hemsl.)
Fresh forages Yellow bauhinia (Bauhinia tomentosa), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of yellow bauhinia (Bauhinia tomentosa L.)
Fresh forages Jackal jujube (Ziziphus oenopolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of jackal jujube (Ziziphus oenopolia (L.) Mill.)
Fresh forages Jujube (Ziziphus xylopyrus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of jujube (Ziziphus xylopyrus (Retz.) Willd.)
Fresh forages African fan palm (Borassus aethiopum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of african fan palm (Borassus aethiopum Mart.)
Fresh forages American aspen (Populus tremuloides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of american aspen (Populus tremuloides Michx.)
Fresh forages American elm (Ulmus americana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of american elm (Ulmus americana L.)
Fresh forages Bauhinia (Bauhinia farek), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of bauhinia (Bauhinia farek Desv.)
Fresh forages Bauhinia (Bauhinia thonningii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of bauhinia (Bauhinia thonningii Schum.)
Fresh forages Black alder (Alnus glutinosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of black alder (Alnus glutinosa (L.) Gaertn.)
Fresh forages Black willow (Salix nigra), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of black willow (Salix nigra Marshall)
Fresh forages Capertree (Cynophalla flexuosa), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of capertree (Cynophalla flexuosa (L.) J.Presl)
Fresh forages Date (Phoenix dactylifera), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of date (Phoenix dactylifera L.)
Fresh forages Date (Phoenix dactylifera), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of date (Phoenix dactylifera L.)
Fresh forages Eastern cottonwood (Populus deltoides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of eastern cottonwood (Populus deltoides Marshall)
Fresh forages Heart-leaved fig (Ficus polita), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of heart-leaved fig (Ficus polita Vahl)
Fresh forages Red ash (Fraxinus pennsylvanica), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of red ash (Fraxinus pennsylvanica Marshall)
Fresh forages Grewia (Grewia ferruginea), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of grewia (Grewia ferruginea Hochst. ex A.Rich.)
Fresh forages Bhimal (Grewia optiva), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of bhimal (Grewia optiva J.R.Drumm. ex Burret)
Fresh forages Honey locust (Gleditsia triacanthos), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of honey locust (Gleditsia triacanthos L.)
Fresh forages Koforonto (Diospyros abyssinica), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of koforonto (Diospyros abyssinica (Hiern) F.White)
Fresh forages Lannea (Lannea schimperi), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of lannea (Lannea schimperi (Hochst. ex A.Rich.) Engl.)
Fresh forages Oil palm trunk Oil palm (Elaeis guineensis Jacq.), trunk
Fresh forages Sumac (Searsia natalensis), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of sumac (Searsia natalensis (Bernh. ex Krauss) F.A. Barkley)
Fresh forages Red acacia (Acacia seyal), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of red acacia (Acacia seyal Del.)
Fresh forages Paper birch (Betula papyrifera), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of paper birch (Betula papyrifera Marshall)
Fresh forages Phulai (Acacia modesta), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of phulai (Acacia modesta Wall.)
Fresh forages Acacia (Vachellia abyssinica), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of acacia (Vachellia abyssinica (Hochst. ex. Benth.) Kyal. & Boatwr.)
Fresh forages Breadfruit tree (Artocarpus altilis), aerial part, dry Breadfruit tree (Artocarpus altilis (Parkinson) Fosb.), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Cordia (Cordia africana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cordia (Cordia africana Lam.)
Fresh forages Desert hackberry (Celtis pallida), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of desert hackberry (Celtis pallida Torr.)
Fresh forages Ficus (Ficus glumosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ficus (Ficus glumosa Delile)
Fresh forages Mimosa (Mimosa aculeaticarpa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of mimosa (Mimosa aculeaticarpa Ortega)
Fresh forages Newtonia (Newtonia spp.), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of newtonia (Newtonia spp.)
Fresh forages Lebanon oak (Quercus libani), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of lebanon oak (Quercus libani G. Olivier)
Fresh forages Acacia (Vachellia bussei), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of acacia (Vachellia bussei (Harms ex Sjöstedt) Kyal. & Boatwr.)
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia schaffneri), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of acacia (Acacia schaffneri (S.Watson) F.J. Herm.)
Fresh forages Wilga (Geijera parviflora), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of wilga (Geijera parviflora Lindl.)
Fresh forages Gliricidia (Gliricidia sepium), aerial part, fresh, mature Gliricidia (Gliricidia sepium (Jacq.) Kunth ex Walp.), aerial part, fresh
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia saligna), aerial part, dry Acacia (Acacia saligna (Labill.) Wendl.), aerial part, dry
Fresh forages Cadaba (Cadaba glandulosa), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of cadaba (Cadaba glandulosa Forssk.)
Fresh forages Duosperma (Duosperma longicalyx), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of duosperma (Duosperma longicalyx (Deflers) Vollesen)
Fresh forages Indigofera (Indigofera cliffordiana), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of indigo (Indigofera cliffordiana J.B.Gillett)
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia gourmaensis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of acacia (Acacia gourmaensis A.Chev.)
Fresh forages Mimosa (Albizia julibrissin), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of mimosa (Albizia julibrissin Durazz.)
Fresh forages Pomegranate (Punica granatum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of pomegranate (Punica granatum L.)
Fresh forages Tamarix (Tamarix aphylla), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of tamarix (Tamarix aphylla (L.) H. Karst.)
Fresh forages Tamarix (Tamarix nilotica), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of tamarix (Tamarix nilotica (Ehrenb.) Bunge)
Fresh forages Hirsute thymelaea (Thymelaea hirsuta), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of hirsute thymelaea (Thymelaea hirsuta (L.) Endl., 1861)
Fresh forages Haldu (Haldina cordifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of haldu (Haldina cordifolia (Roxb.) Ridsdale)
Fresh forages Jujube (Ziziphus jujuba), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of jujube (Ziziphus jujuba Mill.)
Fresh forages Red mulberry (Morus rubra), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of red mulberry (Morus rubra L.)
Fresh forages Mulberry (Morus australis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of mulberry (Morus australis Poir.)
Fresh forages Mulberry (Morus cathayana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of mulberry (Morus cathayana Hemsl.)
Fresh forages Box elder maple (Acer negundo), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of box elder maple (Acer negundo L.)
Fresh forages Silver maple (Acer saccharinum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of silver maple (Acer saccharinum L.)
Fresh forages Sugar maple (Acer saccharum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sugar maple (Acer saccharum Marshall)
Fresh forages Beech (Fagus spp.), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of beech (Fagus spp.)
Fresh forages Sweet gum (Liquidambar styraciflua), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sweet gum (Liquidambar styraciflua L.)
Fresh forages White poplar (Populus alba), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of white poplar (Populus alba L.)
Fresh forages Weeping willow (Salix babylonica), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of weeping willow (Salix babylonica L.)
Fresh forages Common hackberry (Celtis occidentalis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of common hackberry (Celtis occidentalis L.)
Fresh forages Italian alder (Alnus cordata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of Italian alder (Alnus cordata (Loisel.) Duby)
Fresh forages Northern red oak (Quercus rubra), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of northern red oak (Quercus rubra L.)
Fresh forages Field maple (Acer campestre), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of field maple (Acer campestre L.)
Fresh forages Walnut tree (Juglans regia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of walnut tree (Juglans regia L.)
Fresh forages Field elm (Ulmus minor), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of field elm (Ulmus minor Mill.)
Fresh forages Hawthorn (Crataegus monogyna), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of common hawthorn (Crataegus monogyna Jacq.)
Fresh forages Blackthorn (Prunus spinosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of blackthorn (Prunus spinosa L.)
Fresh forages Common privet (Ligustrum vulgare), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of common privet (Ligustrum vulgare L.)
Fresh forages Large-leaved Linden (Tilia platyphyllos), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of large-leaved linden (Tilia platyphyllos Scop.)
Fresh forages Lannea (Lannea alata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of lannea (Lannea alata (Engl.) Engl.)
Fresh forages Lannea (Lannea triphylla), bark, fresh Bark of lannea (Lannea triphylla (Hochst. ex A. Rich.) Engl.)
Fresh forages Baobab (Adansonia digitata), bark Bark of baobab (Adansonia digitata L.)
Fresh forages Cordia (Cordia goetzei), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cordia (Cordia goetzei Gürke)
Fresh forages Cordia (Cordia monoica), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cordia (Cordia monoica Roxb.)
Fresh forages Boswellia (Boswellia neglecta), bark Bark of boswellia (Boswellia neglecta S. Moore)
Fresh forages Commiphora (Commiphora baluensis), bark Bark of commiphora (Commiphora baluensis Engl.)
Fresh forages Commiphora (Commiphora baluensis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of commiphora (Commiphora baluensis Engl.)
Fresh forages Commiphora (Commiphora mildbraedii), bark Bark of commiphora (Commiphora mildbraedii Engl.)
Fresh forages Commiphora (Commiphora spp.), wood Wood of commiphora (Commiphora spp.)
Fresh forages Commiphora (Commiphora spp.), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of commiphora (Commiphora spp.)
Fresh forages Cassia (Cassia abbreviata), bark Bark of cassia (Cassia abbreviata Oliv.)
Fresh forages Delonix (Delonix elata), bark Bark of delonix (Delonix elata (L.) Gamble)
Fresh forages Cadaba (Cadaba spp.), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cadaba (Cadaba spp.)
Fresh forages Capparis (Capparis fascicularis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of capparis (Capparis fascicularis DC.)
Fresh forages Terminalia (Terminalia orbicularis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of terminalia (Terminalia orbicularis Engl. & Diels)
Fresh forages Terminalia (Terminalia prunioides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of terminalia (Terminalia prunioides M. A. Lawson)
Fresh forages Aspilia (Aspilia pluriseta), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of aspilia (Aspilia pluriseta Schweinf.)
Fresh forages Dumb nettle (Galinsoga parviflora), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of dumb nettle (Galinsoga parviflora Cav.)
Fresh forages Diospyros (Diospyros mespiliformis), bark Bark of diospyros (Diospyros mespiliformis Hochst ex A. DC.)
Fresh forages Euclea (Euclea divinorum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of euclea (Euclea divinorum Hiern)
Fresh forages Copperleaf (Acalypha wilkesiana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of copperleaf (Acalypha wilkesiana Müll. Arg.)
Fresh forages Phyllanthus (Phyllanthus nummulariifolius), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of phyllanthus (Phyllanthus nummulariifolius Poir.)
Fresh forages Castor (Ricinus communis), bark Bark of castor (Ricinus communis L.)
Fresh forages Abutilon (Abutilon mauritianum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of abutilon (Abutilon mauritianum (Jacq.) Medik.)
Fresh forages Melia (Melia volkensii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of melia (Melia volkensii Gürke)
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia stuhlmannii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of acacia (Acacia stuhlmannii Taub.)
Fresh forages Acacia (Vachellia tortilis subsp. spirocarpa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of acacia (Vachellia tortilis (Forssk.) Galasso & Banfi subsp. spirocarpa (Hochst. ex A. Rich.) Kyal. & Boatwr.)
Fresh forages Acacia (Vachellia tortilis subsp. spirocarpa), bark Bark of acacia (Vachellia tortilis (Forssk.) Galasso & Banfi subsp. spirocarpa (Hochst. ex A. Rich.) Kyal. & Boatwr.)
Fresh forages Acacia (Vachellia xanthophloea), bark Bark of acacia (Vachellia xanthophloea (Benth.) P. J. H. Hurter)
Fresh forages Acacia (Vachellia xanthophloea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of acacia (Vachellia xanthophloea (Benth.) P. J. H. Hurter)
Fresh forages Albizia (Albizia anthelmintica), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of albizia (Albizia anthelmintica (A. Rich.) Brongn.)
Fresh forages Albizia (Albizia harveyi), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of albizia (Albizia harveyi E. Fourn.)
Fresh forages Indigo (Indigofera schimperi), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of indigo (Indigofera schimperi Jaub. & Spach)
Fresh forages Indigo (Indigofera volkensii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of indigo (Indigofera volkensii Taub.)
Fresh forages Tephrosia (Tephrosia emeroides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of tephrosia (Tephrosia emeroides A. Rich.)
Fresh forages Tephrosia (Tephrosia uniflora), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of tephrosia (Tephrosia uniflora Pers.)
Fresh forages Tephrosia (Tephrosia villosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of tephrosia (Tephrosia villosa (L.) Pers.)
Fresh forages Calyptrotheca (Calyptrotheca stuhlmannii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of calyptrotheca (Calyptrotheca stuhlmannii Gilg)
Fresh forages Carphalea (Carphalea glaucescens), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of carphalea (Carphalea glaucescens (Hiern) Verdc.)
Fresh forages Manilkara (Manilkara mochisia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of manilkara (Manilkara mochisia (Baker) Dubard)
Fresh forages Sterculia (Sterculia africana), bark Bark of sterculia (Sterculia africana (Lour.) Fiori)
Fresh forages Sterculia (Sterculia rhynchocarpa), bark Bark of sterculia (Sterculia rhynchocarpa K. Schum.)
Fresh forages Grewia (Grewia lilacina), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of grewia (Grewia lilacina K. Schum.)
Fresh forages Grewia (Grewia sulcata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of grewia (Grewia sulcata Mast.)
Fresh forages Diplolophium (Diplolophium africanum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of diplolophium (Diplolophium africanum Turcz.)
Fresh forages Premna (Premna resinosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of premna (Premna resinosa (Hochst.) Schauer)
Fresh forages Vitex (Vitex strickeri), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of vitex (Vitex strickeri Vatke & Hildebr.)
Fresh forages Rhoicissus (Rhoicissus revoilii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of rhoicissus (Rhoicissus revoilii Planch.)
Fresh forages Jacket plum (Pappea capensis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of jacket plum (Pappea capensis Eckl. & Zeyh.)
Fresh forages Abutilon (Abutilon sandwicense), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of abutilon (Abutilon sandwicense (O. Deg.) Christoph.)
Fresh forages Cape ash (Ekebergia capensis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of Cape ash (Ekebergia capensis Sparrm.)
Fresh forages Euclea (Euclea schimperi), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of euclea (Euclea schimperi (A. DC.) Dandy)
Fresh forages Ficus (Ficus vasta), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ficus (Ficus vasta Forssk.)
Fresh forages African olive tree (Olea europaea subsp. cuspidata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of African olive tree (Olea europaea L. subsp. cuspidata (Wall. ex G. Don) Cif.)
Fresh forages Psydrax (Psydrax schimperiana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of psydrax (Psydrax schimperiana (A. Rich.) Bridson)
Fresh forages Rhus (Rhus vulgaris), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of rhus (Rhus vulgaris Meikle)
Fresh forages Dalbergia (Dalbergia microphylla), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of dalbergia (Dalbergia microphylla Chiov.)
Fresh forages Lannea (Lannea rivae), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of lannea (Lannea rivae (Chiov.) Sacleux)
Fresh forages Ormocarpum (Ormocarpum kirkii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ormocarpum (Ormocarpum kirkii S. Moore)
Fresh forages Ficus (Ficus capreifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ficus (Ficus capreifolia Delile)
Fresh forages Phyllanthus (Phyllanthus reticulatus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of phyllanthus (Phyllanthus reticulatus Poir.)
Fresh forages Rotula (Rotula aquatica), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of rotula (Rotula aquatica Lour.)
Fresh forages Willow (Salix subserrata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of willow (Salix subserrata Willd.)
Fresh forages Pito (Erythrina berteroana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of pito (Erythrina berteroana Urb.)
Fresh forages Jambos (Syzygium jambos), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of jambos (Syzygium jambos (L.) Alston)
Fresh forages Blue elder (Sambucus nigra), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of blue elder (Sambucus nigra L. subsp. cerulea (Raf.) Bolli)
Fresh forages Cojoton (Tabernaemontana donnell-smithii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cojoton (Tabernaemontana donnell-smithii Rose ex Donn. Sm.)
Fresh forages Erythrina (Erythrina brucei), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of erythrina (Erythrina brucei Schweinf.)
Fresh forages Erythrina (Erythrina melanacantha), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of erythrina (Erythrina melanacantha Harms)
Fresh forages Santol (Sandoricum koetjape), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of santol (Sandoricum koetjape (Burm. f.) Merr.)
Fresh forages Dragontree (Sesbania formosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of dragontree (Sesbania formosa (F. Muell.) N. T. Burb.)
Fresh forages Siris (Albizia procera), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of siris (Albizia procera (Roxb.) Benth.)
Fresh forages Centro (Centrosema latidens), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of centro (Centrosema latidens Killip & J. F. Macbr.)
Fresh forages Senna (Senna velutina), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of senna (Senna velutina (Vogel) H. S. Irwin & Barneby)
Fresh forages Tadehagi (Tadehagi triquetrum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of tadehagi (Tadehagi triquetrum (L.) H. Ohashi)
Fresh forages Trichilia (Trichilia emetica), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of trichilia (Trichilia emetica Vahl)
Fresh forages Poinciana (Caesalpinia pulcherrima), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of poinciana (Caesalpinia pulcherrima (L.) Sw.)
Fresh forages Tephrosia (Tephrosia densiflora), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of tephrosia (Tephrosia densiflora Hook.f.)
Fresh forages Pochote (Ceiba aesculifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of pochote (Ceiba aesculifolia (Kunth) Britten & Baker)
Fresh forages Bursera (Bursera fagaroides), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of bursera (Bursera fagaroides (Kunth) Engl.)
Fresh forages Manzanilla (Ziziphus pedunculata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of manzanilla (Ziziphus pedunculata (Brandegee) Standl.)
Fresh forages Sphinga (Sphinga acatlensis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of sphinga (Sphinga acatlensis (Benth.) Barneby & J.W.Grimes)
Fresh forages Blackbrush (Vachellia rigidula), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of blackbrush (Vachellia rigidula (Benth.) Seigler & Ebinger)
Fresh forages Cenizo (Leucophyllum frutescens), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cenizo (Leucophyllum frutescens (Berland.) I. M. Johnst.)
Fresh forages Palo verde (Parkinsonia texana), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of palo verde (Parkinsonia texana (A. Gray) S. Watson)
Fresh forages Soapbrush (Guaiacum angustifolium), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of soapbrush (Guaiacum angustifolium Engelm.)
Fresh forages Ancahuita (Cordia boissieri), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ancahuita (Cordia boissieri A. DC.)
Fresh forages Hoffmannia (Hoffmannia obovata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of hoffmannia (Hoffmannia obovata (Ruiz & Pav.) Standl.)
Fresh forages Junco (Ziziphus obtusifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of junco (Ziziphus obtusifolia (Hook. ex Torr. & A. Gray) A. Gray)
Fresh forages Guajillo (Senegalia berlandieri), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of guajillo (Senegalia berlandieri (Benth.) Britton & Rose)
Fresh forages Salsola (Salsola stocksii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of salsola (Salsola stocksii Boiss.)
Fresh forages Capparis (Capparis decidua), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of capparis (Capparis decidua (Forssk.) Edgew.)
Fresh forages Chempedak (Artocarpus integer), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of chempedak (Artocarpus integer (Thunb.) Merr.)
Fresh forages Drupe fig (Ficus drupacea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of drupe fig (Ficus drupacea Thunb.)
Fresh forages Bitterwood (Simarouba glauca), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of bitterwood (Simarouba glauca DC.)
Fresh forages Emblic (Phyllanthus emblica), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of emblic (Phyllanthus emblica L.)
Fresh forages Frangipani (Plumeria rubra), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of frangipani (Plumeria rubra L.)
Fresh forages Bael (Aegle marmelos), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of bael (Aegle marmelos (L.) Corrêa)
Fresh forages Soft fig tree (Ficus mollis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of soft fig tree (Ficus mollis Vahl)
Fresh forages Night-flowering jasmine (Nyctanthes arbor-tristis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of night-flowering jasmine (Nyctanthes arbor-tristis L.)
Fresh forages Manilkara (Manilkara hexandra), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of manilkara (Manilkara hexandra (Roxb.) Dubard)
Fresh forages Midnapore creeper (Rivea hypocrateriformis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of midnapore creeper (Rivea hypocrateriformis (Desr.) Choisy)
Fresh forages Siris (Albizia procera), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of siris (Albizia procera (Roxb.) Benth.)
Fresh forages Sesban (Sesbania bispinosa), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of sesban (Sesbania bispinosa (Jacq.) W.F. Wight)
Fresh forages Almond (Prunus dulcis), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of almond (Prunus dulcis (Mill.) D. A. Webb)
Fresh forages Almond (Prunus dulcis), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of almond (Prunus dulcis (Mill.) D. A. Webb)
Fresh forages Castor (Ricinus communis), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of castor (Ricinus communis L.)
Fresh forages Timbo (Enterolobium timbouva), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of timbo (Enterolobium timbouva Mart.)
Fresh forages Acacia (Acacia auriculata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of acacia (Acacia auriculata Buch.-Ham. ex Wall.)
Fresh forages Candeltree (Senna alata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of candeltree (Senna alata (L.) Roxb.)
Fresh forages Cenostigma (Cenostigma pluviosum), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of cenostigma (Cenostigma pluviosum (DC.) Gagnon & G. P. Lewis var. peltophoroides (Benth.) Gagnon & G. P. Lewis)
Fresh forages Salmwood (Cordia alliodora), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of salmwood (Cordia alliodora (Ruiz & Pav.) Oken)
Fresh forages Croton (Croton megalocarpus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of croton (Croton megalocarpus Hutch.)
Fresh forages Shirakiopsis (Shirakiopsis elliptica), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of shirakiopsis (Shirakiopsis elliptica (Hochst.) Esser)
Fresh forages Triumfetta (Triumfetta rhomboidea), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of triumfetta (Triumfetta rhomboidea Jacq.)
Fresh forages Triumfetta (Triumfetta tomentosa), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of triumfetta (Triumfetta tomentosa Bojer)
Fresh forages Ochradenus (Ochradenus baccatus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of ochradenus (Ochradenus baccatus Delile)
Fresh forages Podlechiella (Podlechiella vogelii), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of podlechiella (Podlechiella vogelii (Webb) Maassoumi & Kaz. Osaloo)
Fresh forages Butea (Butea superba), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of butea (Butea superba Roxb.)
Fresh forages Black creeper (Ichnocarpus frutescens), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of black creeper (Ichnocarpus frutescens (L.) W. T. Aiton)
Fresh forages Malabar kino (Pterocarpus marsupium), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of malabar kino (Pterocarpus marsupium Roxb.)
Fresh forages Acacia (Senegalia chundra), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of acacia (Senegalia chundra (Roxb. ex Rottler) Maslin)
Fresh forages Gardenia (Gardenia gummifera), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of gardenia (Gardenia gummifera L.f.)
Fresh forages Lannea (Lannea coromandelica), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of lannea (Lannea coromandelica (Houtt.) Merr.)
Fresh forages Smilax (Smilax ovalifolia), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of smilax (Smilax ovalifolia Roxb. ex D.Don)
Fresh forages Peach palm (Bactris gasipaes), heart of palm residues By-product of the production of heart-of-palm from peach palm (Bactris gasipaes Kunth) trees.
Fresh forages Algarrobo blanco (Prosopis alba), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of algarrobo blanco (Prosopis alba Griseb.)
Fresh forages Prosopis (Prosopis articulata), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of prosopis (Prosopis articulata S. Watson)
Fresh forages Algarrobo negro (Prosopis nigra), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of algarrobo negro (Prosopis nigra (Griseb.) Hieron.)
Fresh forages Velvet mesquite (Prosopis velutina), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of velvet mesquite (Prosopis velutina Wooton)
Fresh forages Velvet mesquite (Prosopis velutina), aerial part, dry Dry aerial part of velvet mesquite (Prosopis velutina Wooton)
Fresh forages Pterocarpus (Pterocarpus macrocarpus), aerial part, fresh Fresh aerial part of pterocarpus (Pterocarpus macrocarpus Kurz)
Mineral products Dicalcium phosphate Precipitated calcium monohydrogen phosphate from bones or inorganic sources. The most common form is the dihydrated dicalcium phosphate (CaHPO4.2H2O).
Mineral products Monodicalcium phosphate Product obtained chemically and composed of equal parts of dicalcium phosphate and mono-calcium phosphate.
Mineral products Phosphate, defluorinated Produit obtained from natural phospahtes (mainly tricalcium phosphate) defluorinated by calcination with phosphoric acid and sodium salt.
Mineral products Dicalcium phosphate, monohydrate Monohydrated dicalcium phosphate
Mineral products Monoammonium phosphate Monoammonium phosphate (NH4H2PO4).
Mineral products Monocalcium phosphate Monocalcium phosphate CaH4(PO4)2, H2O.
Mineral products Monodicalcium phosphate, 21/21 Product obtained chemically and composed of equal parts of dicalcium phosphate and mono-calcium phosphate. 21/21 refers to the guaranteed contents respectively in P an Ca.
Mineral products Calcium-sodium phosphate Calcium-sodium phosphate.
Mineral products Dicalcium phosphate, bone Precipitated calcium monohydrogen phosphate from bones. The most common form is the dihydrated dicalcium phosphate (CaHPO4.2H2O).
Mineral products Tricalcium phosphate Tricalcium phosphate (Ca3(PO4)2 2CaNaPO4) obtained by mixing rock phosphate, lime and phosphoric acid.
Mineral products Dicalcium phosphate, anhydrous Precipitated calcium phosphate from bones or inorganic sources (CaHPO4) by action of chlorhydric acid.
Mineral products Dicalcium phosphate, mineral matter < 86% Precipitated calcium monohydrogen phosphate from bones or inorganic sources having a mineral matter content < 86% (as fed). The exact chemical nature of the samples included in this category is presently unknown.
Mineral products Dicalcium phosphate, moisture > 6% Precipitated calcium monohydrogen phosphate from bones or inorganic sources containing more than 6% moisture.
Mineral products Calcium-magnesium phosphate Calcium-magnesium phosphate Mg(H2PO4)2.Ca(H2PO4)2.H2O
Mineral products Magnesium phosphate Magnesium phosphate
Mineral products Dicalcium phosphate 20/27 Precipitated calcium monohydrogen phosphate from bones or inorganic sources, containing about 20% phosphorus and 27% calcium.
Mineral products Dicalcium phosphate (generic) Precipitated calcium monohydrogen phosphate from bones or inorganic sources.
Mineral products Thermophosphate Phosphate thermally treated with silicates and carbonates.
Mineral products Calcium carbonate Calcium carbonate (CaCO3) from natural (limestone, seashells) or artificial origin.
Mineral products Seashells, oysters, ground Ground oyster shells (Ostrea spp.) used as calcium carbonate source.
Mineral products Seashells, ground Ground seashells used as calcium carbonate source.
Mineral products Lime Calcium oxyde (CaO).
Mineral products Calcium carbonate, semolina Calcium carbonate (CaCO3) in semolina form.
Mineral products Coral, ground Coral mineral skeleton, ground.
Mineral products Limestone, natural Natural calcium carbonate.
Mineral products Calcium carbonate, aragonite Crystalline form of calcium carbonate (CaCO3).
Mineral products Calcified seaweeds, Lithothamnium Calcium carbonate obtained by treatment of calcified seaweed (Lithothamnium calcareum (Pallas) Areschoug)
Mineral products Seashells, treated with phosphoric acid Seashells, treated with phosphoric acid.
Mineral products Marble, coarsely ground Coarsely ground marble, a metamorphic rock composed mostly of calcite, a crystalline form of calcium carbonate (CaCO3).
Mineral products Marble, finely ground Finely ground marble, a metamorphic rock composed mostly of calcite, a crystalline form of calcium carbonate (CaCO3).
Mineral products Calcium carbonate, insoluble ash > 10% Calcium carbonate (CaCO3) from natural (limestone, seashells) or artificial origin. Low quality product.
Mineral products Lake shells, ground Lake shells used as calcium carbonate source.
Mineral products Salt Salt (NaCl), or variable quality and purity.
Mineral products Salt, finely ground Finely ground salt (NaCl).
Mineral products Salt, white, refined White refined salt (NaCl).
Mineral products Salt, grey Unrefined salt (NaCl) containing impurities.
Mineral products Salt, extraction Salt (NaCl) obtained by an process of extraction.
Mineral products Salt, marine Salt (NaCl) harvested in salinas.
Mineral products Salt, rock Salt (NaCl) extracted from a salt mine.
Mineral products Sodium sulphate Sodium sulphate (Na2SO4).
Mineral products Cobalt carbonate Cobalt carbonate.
Mineral products Cobalt sulphate Cobalt sulphate (CoSO4).
Mineral products Cobalt sulphate, monohydrated Cobalt sulphate (CoSO4), monohydrated.
Mineral products Copper sulphate Copper sulphate pentahydrate (CuSO4 (H2O)5). It contains 25% copper.
Mineral products Iron fumarate Iron fumarate (C4H2FeO4).
Mineral products Iron sulphate heptahydrate, iron 19-20% Iron sulphate heptahydrate (FeSO4.7H2O). This product contains about 19% iron.
Mineral products Iron sulphate monohydrate, iron 30-32% Iron sulphate monohydrate (FeSO4.H2O). This product contains about 30% iron.
Mineral products Calcium iodate Calcium iodate Ca(IO3)2.
Mineral products Magnesium oxyde Magnesium oxyde (MgO).
Mineral products Magnesium chloride Magnesium chloride (MgCl2.H20).
Mineral products Magnesium sulphate monohydrate, magnesium 16-20% Magnesium sulphate monohydrate (MgSO4.H2O). This product contains 16-20% magnesium.
Mineral products Manganese oxide MnO-Mn2O3 Mixture of manganese(II) oxide and manganese(IV) oxide. It contains about 64% Mn.
Mineral products Manganese sulphate Manganese sulphate monohydrate (MnSO4H2O).
Mineral products Potassium iodide Potassium iodide (KI).
Mineral products Potassium sulphate Potassium sulphate (K2SO4).
Mineral products Sodium selenite Sodium selenite Na2SeO3.
Mineral products Sodium bicarbonate Sodium bicarbonate (NaHCO3).
Mineral products Sulphur Sulphur (S).
Mineral products Zinc oxide Zinc oxide (ZnO).
Mineral products Zinc sulphate Zinc sulphate (ZnSO4.H2O).
Mineral products Manganese carbonate Manganese carbonate (MnCO3).
Mineral products Zinc chelate Chemical compound where a zin atom is linked to other atoms by at least two liaisons in a ring structure.
Mineral products Calcium sulphate Calcium sulphate (CaSO4).
Mineral products Magnesium oxyde, calcinated Magnesium oxyde (MgO), calcinated to improve solubility.
Mineral products Iron carbonate Iron carbonate (FeCO3).
Mineral products Magnesium sulphate heptahydrate, magnesium 9-11% Magnesium sulphate heptahydrate (MgSO4.7H2O). This product contains 9-11% magnesium.
Mineral products Magnesium hydroxide Magnesium hydroxyde (Mg(OH)2).
Mineral products Copper oxide Copper oxide.
Mineral products Calcium chloride Calcium chloride (CaCl2).
Mineral products Manganese oxide MnO Manganese(II) oxide is an inorganic compound with chemical formula MnO. It contains about 77% Mn.
Mineral products Potassium carbonate Potassium carbonate (K2CO3).
Mineral products Cement kiln dust Powdery byproduct obtained during the manufacture of cement in a kiln.
Mineral products Ammonium chloride Ammonium chloride (NH4Cl).
Mineral products Urea Nitrogen compound used as a non-proteic nitrogen source for ruminants. Commercial urea contains 46% of mineral nitrogen.
Mineral products Talc Talc, natural magnesium silicate (Mg3Si4O10(OH)2).
Mineral products Kaolin Pure aluminium silicate.
Mineral products Sepiolite Natural hydrated magnesium silicate.
Mineral products Calcium phytate Calcium phytate, used in pig trial as a low-avaibility phosphorus source.
Mineral products Zeolite Natural hydrated silicate.
Mineral products Charcoal Black substance obtained by burning wood.
Mineral products Algobase Mineral product made from seaweed.
Mineral products Bentonite Colloidal clay consisting mostly of montmorillonite, used for its absorbent properties.
Mineral products Dolomite rock Sedimentary rock that contains a high percentage of the mineral dolomite CaMg(CO3)2. Synonym: dolostone
Mineral products Diatomaceous earth Soft, siliceous sedimentary rock that consists of fossilized remains of diatoms, a type of hard-shelled algae. Diatomaceous earth has numerous industrial applications (filtration, abrasive, pesticide…).
Mineral products Natron Naturally occurring mixture of sodium carbonate decahydrate (Na2CO3·10H2O) and around 17% sodium bicarbonate (NaHCO3) along with small quantities of sodium chloride and sodium sulfate.
Mineral products Water Water
Mineral products Copper glycinate Complex of copper and glycine amino acid.
Mineral products Zinc glycinate Complex of zinc and glycine amino acid.
Mineral products Iron glycinate Complex of iron and glycine amino acid.
Mineral products Manganese glycinate Complex of manganese and glycine amino acid.
Mineral products Calcium lactate Calcium salt of lactic acid, used as an antioxydant (E327).
Mineral products Ammonium sulfate Inorganic salt with the formula (NH4)2SO4.
Mineral products Clay Clay, non identified
Mineral products Clay, green Clay of green colour, often illite or montmorillonite
Additives Choline, liquid Choline in liquid form, vitamin of the B group, constitutive of lecithin.
Additives L-Lysine HCl Monochlorydrate of L-Lysine obtained by fermentation of energy substrate (beet molasses) by a bacteria. Lysine HCl is sold as a white to yellow crystalline powder. The guaranteed lysine content is 78%.
Additives Liquid lysine 50% Aqueous solution of lysine.
Additives DL-Methionine Synthetic methionine. This is a racemic mixture.
Additives Tryptophan Synthetic tryptophan.
Additives Lecithin, soybean Lecithin extracted from soybean (Glycine max (L.) Merr.). Commercial lecithin is a complex mixture of neutral lipids (predominantly triglycerides, a small amount of free fatty acids and sterols), polar lipids (phospho- and glycolipids) and carbohydrates. It is usually deoiled or otherwise processed to purify the phospholipd content.
Additives Formaldehyde Formaldehyde solution used for protecting protein in the rumen.
Additives Lysine 20% Liquid lysine guaranteed to contain more than 20% lysine.
Additives Methionine 20% Synthetic methionine containing 20% methionine.
Additives Methionine 40% Synthetic methionine containing 40% methionine.
Additives L-Threonine Synthetic L-threonine, produced by a fermentation process. This is pure threonine (> 98%).
Additives Carob gum Gum (mannogalactan) extracted from the carob seed (Ceratonia silica L.) used as stabiliser and emulsifier. This product is partly soluble in cold water and has to be heated to be functional.
Additives Guar (Cyamopsis tetragonoloba), gum Gum (mannogalactan) extracted from the guar seed (Cyamopsis tetragonoloba L.).
Additives Gum arabic Gum (hydrocolloid) extracted from the gum tree (Acacia nilotica (L.) Willd. ex Delile) and other acacia species. Gum arabic is employed as emulsifier, thickener and stabiliser.
Additives Psyllium gum (Plantago ovata) Gum (arabinoxylans) extracted from the hull of the psyllium seed (Plantago ovata Forssk.a), traditionally used as a laxative. Synonymes : phyllium, ispaghula.
Additives Lecithin, rapeseed, raw Untreated lecithin extracted from rapeseed (Brassica napus L. var. napus).
Additives Lecithin, rapeseed, deoiled Deoiled lecithin extracted from rapeseed  (Brassica napus L. var. napus). Deoiled lecithin contains mostly phospholipids.
Additives Lecithin, rapeseed, deoiled and hydrolysed Deoiled and hydrolysed ecithin extracted from rapeseed  (Brassica napus L. var. napus). This processed lecithin contains only phospholipids.
Additives Lecithin, rapeseed, hydrolysed and acetylated Hydrolysed and acetylated lecithin extracted from rapeseed  (Brassica napus L. var. napus). This processed lecithin contains mostly phospholipids.
Additives Methionine Hydroxy Analogue Alimet DL-2-hydroxy-4-methylthiobutanoic acid (HMB), DL-methionine hydroxy analogue acid, in liquid form. Alimet is the brand name of a product made by Novus International.
Additives Methionine Hydroxy Analogue DL-2-hydroxy-4-methylthiobutanoic acid (HMB), DL-methionine hydroxy analogue acid, in liquid form.
Additives Chestnut tannins Product having a high content in hydrolysables tannins (about > 75%), obtained by heat and pressure treatment of chestnut wood (Castanea sativa Mill.).
Additives Calcium carbasalate Combination of calcium acetylsalicylate and urea, used as an antalgic drug.
Additives Lysine Vitalys Dry Dehydrated mixture of lysine sulphate and by-products of the fermentation process with the micro-organism Corynebacterium glutamicum. Vitalys is a brand name of the Danish company Agroferm.
Additives Choline, rumen-protected Choline in rumen-protected form.
Additives Choline chloride 60% Choline chloride is an organic compound consisting of a choline cation with a chloride anion, used as source of choline for pigs and poultry. It should contain 60% choline.
Additives Betaine HCL An acid form of betaine used as a source of chlorhydric acid. Synonym: betain hydochloride
Additives Betaine anhydrous Amino acid derivative. Synonym: glycine betaine, trimethylglycine.
Additives Choline chloride 70% Choline chloride is an organic compound consisting of a choline cation with a chloride anion, used as source of choline for pigs and poultry. It should contain 70% choline.
Additives Calcium propionate Calcium salt of propanoic acid. It has the formula Ca(C2H5COO)2. Synonym: calcium propanoate
Additives Sodium propionate Sodium salt of propanoic acid. It has the formula Na(C2H5COO). Synonym: sodium propanoate
Additives Quebracho tannins Product having a high content in total polyphenols (about > 60%), obtained from the South American quebracho trees (Schinopsis lorentzii Engl. and Aspidosperma quebracho-blanco Schltr.).
Additives Vitamin A 1000 UI/kg Vitamine A
Additives Vitamin B5 D Calcium pantothenate Source of B5 vitamin (pantothenic acid).
Additives Vitamin C 35% L-Ascorbic acid monophosphate calcium sodium salt, 35% Vitamin C equivalent.
Additives Vitamin C Ascorbic acid Ascorbic acid
Additives Vitamin H 2% Biotine Biotine source
Additives Vitamin AD3 1000/200 Source of vitamin A (1000 UI/kg) and vitamin D3 (200 UI/kg).
Additives Vitamin B1 Thiamine Source of vitamin B1.
Additives Vitamin B2 80% Riboflavine Source of vitamin B2.
Additives Vitamin B6 Pyridoxine Source of vitamin B6.
Additives Vitamin B9 Folic acid Source of vitamin B9.
Additives Vitamin D3 500 Source of vitamin D3 500 UI/kg.
Additives Vitamin E 50 Source of vitamin E.
Additives Vitamin K3 44% Source of vitamin K3.
Additives Vitamin PP (B3) Nicotinic acid Source of vitamin PP.
Additives Calcium formiate Calcium salt of formic acid, used as an animal feed preservative in the EU under the code E238.
Additives Vitamin K3 menadione sodium bisulfite Source of vitamin K3.
